what's up everyone welcome to the W show
we're going to be talking about all
kinds of great stuff but of course the
big headline topic is that Intel Arc
doesn't suck what happened I don't know
how to make sense of this world anymore
because it doesn't suck and I'm excited
and it's not just me people are actually
excited the whole industry seems
genuinely hyped about building a gaming
PC for the first time in flipping years
so I know we already made a 16 and 1/2
minute long video about battle mage but
I talk more I want to talk about battle
mage some more time to Yap especially
some of the observations that I've made
about people's comments on it and about
people's viewership habits on our other
videos as a result don't look at the
dock he's trying to SPO I didn't I
didn't I open a new tap I open a new SPO
all the things you're hurting the laptop
we're also going to be talking
about LT and short circuit have they
gone too far with the clickbait oh the
world it turns out is not actually
upside down what unless you're in
Australia in which case it's not news is
the thumbnail like good for them I think
so I think they can see it better what
else we got
today oh right I'm supposed to do
something yeah you're actually supposed
to have the dock open and be looking at
it yeah but you got mad at me so I you
didn't even have it open I opened
YouTube uh okay uh you can buy a car on
Amazon that's weird and there there's
like almost no other
[Music]
topics Blu-rays battle mage buying a
car and then hang
[Music]
out the show is brought to you today by
MSI vessie and Squarespace and of course
our laptop partner LG our rap partner
dbrand and our chair partner secret lab
why don't we jump right into our
headline topic which is of course Intel
Arc battle mage Against All Odds
it's great did you watch the video yes
well yeah well I don't know I don't I
don't know if you watch our our review
of a GP eight talking to you about it
and I reviewed the video okay well I
don't pay attention to these things
Intel finally what do you mean we
weren't talking about it I know but you
not pay attention you have any idea how
long my week's been this week it's been
crazy I was really surprised you were up
yeah well I didn't have a choice I was
I've been up at the beginning of days
I've been up at the end of days it's
been a very very hectic week Intel
finally launched their anticipated Ark
b580 GPU this Thursday and across the
board reviewers and the public are
impressed it is built on the latest
generation of Intel's XE architecture
and provides a great value with 12 gigs
of vram outstanding 1080p performance
and even strong performance at 1440p in
our testing it provided a 20% uplift
over the RTX 4060 while undercutting the
4060 on price at just $249 the card
offers a compelling value if you can get
one one note I will put out there is
some other reviewers you know we don't
always test the same games we don't
always test the same games in the same
way some of reviewers have found uh
slightly different performance like
maybe the 4060 does pretty well in like
some random title like if I remember
correctly Wendell said comparatively it
did pretty well in Starfield or
something I don't know maybe just check
out his video I mean dozens of people
are playing Starfield yeah with that
said we don't necessarily choose games
for our suite based on how many people
are playing them we have plenty of games
in our suite that not a ton of people
are playing Benchmark well because a lot
of the time you're looking for
consistency and you're looking for games
that represent something so they might
represent okay we need to evaluate
Vulcan performance or if there's a
particular feature we want to look look
at like Ray tracing we need a game that
um supports various implementations of
super sampling we need this we need that
so a lot of the time The Benchmark Suite
is not just down to what games people
are playing but it's down to what
exactly it is we're trying to test I
sorry one I'm going to interject really
quick my flight back from France when I
was going to the bathroom mid-flight uh
as I was walking down the hallway thing
I have to go sideways I saw somebody on
a steam deck playing Starfield no way I
knew it was Starfield because they were
on a loading screen when I came back
from the bathroom they were on a
different loading
screen I was like yep I really wanted to
stop and like talk to them like
why why but but I didn't I just left
them I left them be anyways so Intel
reference cards immediately sold out
most aib partner cards which are priced
around $10 to $20 more are also sold out
hopefully restocks will happen soon I
have a short conversation um with
someone at Intel I don't want to get
them in trouble but basically I was like
please tell me you have lots of stock
coming and I'm not going to look like an
idiot for saying It's
$249 we are expecting weekly
replenishments on the reference card and
working with Partners to offer steady
availability I said okay you got to
control the channel tell the boys come
on there will be money to be made later
don't this up we need momentum seriously
passing that along verbatim hell yeah I
don't know that they have any power I
don't know that they even know anything
this is the janitor I was talking to the
janitor at Intel's Graphics division
that's that's the only person I know
there I'm not important enough to have
any like you know high up contacts or
anything like that but what I what I can
say is that I co I have said what I can
to the janitor at intels hard about hey
gets it done don't get greedy here you
need to buy some market share your
partners need some market share Sparkle
is not a relevant GPU maker there
there's there's GPU partners that are
running away from Nvidia if you're nice
to them right now
like be a valid option but with that
said I
mean I'm telling Intel don't be that
nice yet true there will be time to make
an extra 10 bucks it will come oh I see
what you mean yeah yeah but you got to
control Channel bying not now the buyers
yeah not now now is not the time to look
at the market out there and go o this
card is priced attractively we should we
should [__] up the pricing and price it
less attractively just win just win win
the hearts and minds of Gamers it's
important right now you've got x amount
of months until 50 60 comes out we don't
know how long genuinely that card will
come out and then that's when you know
we'll see how you're doing now it is
worth noting EU viewers have pointed out
that the card is being sold at the same
price as the RX 7700 XT in Europe which
is a 400 doll card uh the b580 it's good
but it ain't that good that's another
thing that Intel and their Partners need
to get figured out is global
competitiveness for this thing needs to
be good with that said given they can't
keep the bloody thing in stock I can see
how it's a lower priority but
guys make as many as you can please
um this is in my notes Pat gelsinger's
fasting and praying paid off yeah I just
opened this up um every Thursday I do a
24-hour prayer and fasting day this week
I'd invite you to join me in praying for
what is this what am I even looking at
right now hold on a second I don't
really for the 100,000 Intel employees
as they navigate this difficult period
Intel and its team is of seminal import
to the future of the industry and the US
this is actually incredibly important uh
and I do want to talk about this later
and I have to say that I just want to
shout out that I hadn't read this tweet
yet but I think some of Pat's tweets
have been hilarious I haven't looked at
it and I love that he's just out there
tweeting about the company immediately
after leaving dude I just I want him
back already it like can they just hire
can they just say look we were wrong oh
wait battle m is sick maybe come back
can they Sam Alman this and just be like
bro I'm sorry can we just have you back
because we didn't get it this is like
the first thing that has come out that
has actually been like Pat's Vision
start to finish actually no he came in
after he came in a little bit after but
like okay so that's not the first thing
the point is that we are only now
starting to see things that he actually
really had had a hand in I mean it has
the same problem as politics where
you'll come in as the you'll come in
you'll set a bunch of things in motion
oh we didn't make enough quarterly
profit see you later buddy and then the
next guy or gal comes in and it's like
oh great job all these all these
products are doing so great let's count
beans oh I'm inheriting this garbage
heap time to work on that for like
fixing that for 3 years and I get one
year maybe to like reap some of the
benefits of what I did then I'm out
probably like G okay I'm just uh
anyway I'm jazzed uh okay what else we
got to talk about besides the question
of value the other big question for Arc
was game compatibility while our testing
was relatively smooth except for
cyberpunk 2077 Ultra Ray tracing which
crashed uh problems are still present as
many reviewers did encounter issues in a
variety of titles apparently Starfield
is still a problem game for Arc gpus I
think that's one of the reasons why the
4060 did comparatively well that makes
sense so it might be good to wait a bit
let the early doctors help Intel sort
out the bugs but also looking at how
dedicated Intel has been to improving
their drivers on the first generation
Arc Alchemist cards that was actually
crazy you should you should buy a
product for what it is right now you
should not buy a promise etc etc etc
however I do believe that promises can
have varying levels of credibility and I
think that if intel were to say we are
very dedicated to improving the drivers
of our gpus
I would say that that is a credible
promise and you know it doesn't always
work Starfield isn't new and Arc gpus
like if I remember correctly didn't even
work in Starfield when it first launched
wasn't that a thing I don't remember I
don't remember it was bad whatever it
was it was bad and it's still not good
so like they're not completely acing
everything again don't buy things on
future promises but if you know
effectively like what games you and your
crew play and you can look at how those
perform based on some review that's
probably checked it out or some number
somewhere on the internet that you can
find you might be able to see hey this
works for all the games that I play
right now um so maybe that works for me
and then cool yeah now I want to come
into sort of a a transition topic from
that and this is that my job is
so much easier when there are good
products and they're a great value like
do you have any idea what it felt like
to wake up in the morning feeling like
py sorry uh to wake up in the morning
actually that has not aged well no it
really I was just going for the Kesha
lyric okay yeah uh that wow yeah shout
out Kesha no I don't by the
way and neither do you I forgot that I
forgot that P Diddy is also Puff Daddy
I caught myself we're we're improving
you know it happens over time we work on
it we work on things has she changed the
lyrics we
improve we learn we learn cultural
references hard
[Laughter]
pee sorry dot dot Justin said that that
got apparently the lyrics have changed
casha has announced this is from August
that she will re record her hit song
Tick Tock changing it from wake up in
the morning feeling like pidy to wake up
in the morning feeling [__] P
didy so that's something all right yeah
I mean she's highly relevant these days
yeah um any who the point is where am I
going with this no oh okay uh the don't
yeah her her career my my understanding
is is sort of a sad story actually yeah
I mean I don't anyway okay
the point is the point is
um I woke up in the morning with a 99%
like ratio on a video feeling like a
respectable human yeah feeling like a
feeling like
anyway um we didn't need an elaborate
hook you know oh yeah or a weird
thumbnail or or like a like a it felt
good to watch a three-day shoot or you
know it just all we had to do was
execute we got our briefings the labs
team did a great job the writing team
did a great job the production team did
a great job the editing team did a great
job the business team did a great job we
s sold our sponsor
spots it was
like it was like a breath of fresh air
like this machine felt good this machine
is is built to survive anything but boy
does it ever run better when tech
companies make a product that anyone
[__] cares about and wants to put in
their fcking computer when you take out
the like discarded kitchen grease and
you put in some actual gas and it's just
like oh wow wow it runs nice now we're
cooking like dude it is it takes me back
to years ago oh yeah like like it it is
such a stark contrast when when we were
when I was sitting in script review okay
and I was working on the intro with the
with the writer for that video and we
were going through and I was like no no
really when was the last time there was
a
$250 GPU that anyone actually wanted to
buy oh seriously not that they were like
forced to buy because there wasn't a
valid option whatsoever I think this is
why a few different creators all
included like 1060s and stuff in their
reviews like because that was the last
time time it's been 5
[Music]
years and like I I had this line that I
is this the like Mark that like the the
co era is over maybe like finally dude I
had this line I had this line I put in
the in the intro that I was like almost
half of the time back to normal that
lonus Media Group Inc has existed oh
that's rough there hasn't been a budget
like a a value GPU launch
worth writing
about there's been
nothing 1650 was like kind of okay but
they cut it down it
sucked we knew we weren't getting the
value that we could have
gotten like dude like we've gotten we've
gotten like how many products in 5 years
have we gotten that have blown us away
with their value like sure okay Oculus
Quest series you could make that
argument
but what did you give up for it right
like it wasn't just Intel's not asking
for anything in return here's the GPU
give me
$250 that's it we don't take your
personal data just play video games fck
yeah you know that's what the review
felt like I think my my favorite part
was when you you ran out of like
positive things to say so you're just
like blah blah blah what I don't
remember exactly what you did but it was
great I was I had read the script so
when I was watching it I was getting to
that point I was genuinely like what am
I going to keep saying cuz like I know
what these graphs are and then then yeah
you were just
like I thought it was awesome well it's
like I you know I
just I want that to be the case like
it's do you know how unfun it is to
whine about things and and you know how
unfun it is to feel like to feel like a
shot messenger sometimes oh yeah like I
remember the amount of flak that we took
in the middle of like 40 series when we
basically came out with a review of some
card I forget what it was and we were
like
well realistically in the current
landscape this is a deal I don't like it
but it is and we got Pitchfork over it
and the number of people that were
messaging me dming me leaving comments
and they're like lonus you need to hold
these companies accountable you need to
put pressure on them to lower the price
like I don't I don't have any power I
don't have that power you think you
think Jensen Wong is watching my video
going hm yes lonus how should we price
our GP he doesn't care what I think we
have to all try to work on it but it
almost doesn't matter when they're just
selling it all the computer anyway it
doesn't matter at all because at the end
of the day I can whine about
microtransactions I can whine about
overpriced gp% of people buy them I can
whine about a lack of innovation in the
tech industry I can wh about all these
things it doesn't matter as long as
people buy them money talks
and at the end of the day I'm not buying
gpus so I can offer my opinion and they
might take it under advisement but
that's it and so I'm sitting here going
like on the one hand yeah I hate getting
shot as a messenger but on the other
hand boy was it ever nice to just upload
a video with some really great news and
have people be like wow good
job but that's the reason I'm bringing
it up is like yeah I think our team did
an EXC job of executing on that video
but on the other hand I want to make
sure that we are giving the credit to
where it is due which is the great work
that Intel's software team has done that
Intel's engineering team has done and
that Intel's management however not
present they may or may not be now maybe
other than the ones involving the
removal of yeah how someone special how
good the job the people who have
supported this project for this long
yeah there we go now it's clear that
this discret desktop GPU would have been
killed ages ago if that was the whole
picture uh Intel needs a GPU product for
the data center they need a compelling
GPU architecture for their mobile
devices and that's what battle mage gave
them because it doesn't it didn't it
made lunar Lake their their new their
latest mobile chips it made lunar Lake
more competitive as well they finally
and and that's one of the reasons that
hopefully knock on would we are going to
continue to to see new uh new
architectures going forward Celestial is
apparently baked so they're they're
they're they're working on um like the
hardware level stuff now but apparently
the design is is is is is is I I think
baked was the word that was used but um
there was a little bit more Nuance hold
on
Celestial baked Intel hold on I'm trying
to find the quote Tom Peterson confirms
that uh druid is already in the works
and that the hardware level groundwork
for Celestial which includes
architectural layouts and prototypes is
done speaking of which wow Mr Tom
Peterson T So Exciting yes yes fantastic
job of communication around this
launch I didn't feel like there there's
been so many times throughout the years
like back when I used to do review stuff
and and even more recently where you
feel like you're you know getting the
wool pulled over your eyes including in
the past just to you know sorry guys but
give you a little bit of a rib from
Intel y this time no he showed us charts
where they
lost because they're like here's a huge
amount of games this is how it did
sometimes it did poorly usually it did
great cool like it felt like I was
getting actual information not I like we
were getting actual information leading
up to a launch that helped us understand
what should be happening during the
launch at all like it was very open
transparent which is which is really
helpful for us because at the end of the
day we're going to figure it out anyway
if your product sucks so like so you
might as well help us and I think tap
gets that he's been around forever yeah
um and it's just it's very it's very
helpful I think having his influence on
things yeah because it's not like we
don't want to tell the positive side of
the story as well yeah we loved doing
this this was great we want to tell the
whole story and the more information you
give us the less time we spend just
[__]
trying to find what you're trying to
hide from us and the more time we can
spend working on Crafting a message that
helps communicate the product because at
the end of the day that's what we want
people to know we want them to know
what's bad about it what's mid about it
what's good about it which ultimately
should be what you want people to know
that's how marketing is supposed to work
you're supposed to come to us with the
marketing materials we're supposed to
read it interpret it test it and then
present that alongside our own findings
to the audience yeah and then they can
make an informed decision it's about
informed decision making and so often it
feels like a battle
and uh this time it felt like uh you
know we were on the same side almost
like it felt like they were genuinely
trying to help us make good content
which sounds like that should be pretty
normal but it's like super not uh so
anyways I just I wanted to shout that
out because I appreciate it there's a
couple other uh there's a couple other
kind of comments on this topic here um
this is amazing this is a direct quote
from Adam sgard from the writing team
this is the first full-blown positive
CPU or GPU review that I've written in
my three years here at LT did a great
job of it yeah he did a great job I mean
like considering you've only written
negative work great job of writing a
positive on he's only ever worked with
lemons you give this man some lemonade
he's going to put that powder in the
glass he's going to Stir It
Up ah delicious right yeah um but yeah
after years of creeping price points low
part availability and cool but expensive
Tech I feel like it has broadly deflated
interest in the hobby which makes our
job as content creators so hard do you
guys think we want to reach for like
complex uh video Concepts and like you
think we want to react to stuff on
Reddit no we'd love to be we'd love to
be making videos about cool new gpus and
CPUs and RAM and cases cool stuff that's
what we that's what we want I mean
people wonder why our content has
diverged from a strict focus on PC
hardware and building PC Building PCS is
because there's nothing to make videos
about and no one [__] cares man we've
uploaded videos on like how to build a
PC recently that have just bombed
because people don't care they don't
want to do it but here's what happened
immediately oh did those types of videos
crank up did you see the screenshot that
I sent to
good for the culture watch this watch
this did you did you see the screenshot
I sent to the approval chat okay watch
this watch this okay so this right here
is this right here is a me not knowing
how to use an iPhone hold on where's the
where's the thing the approval chat
where's my where's my screenshots here
they are I like your watch here they are
check so oh yeah my little unicorn uh
okay here we go here we go here we go
the labs concept so here's the arc b580
okay so this is the next day and so we
got obviously some recent videos
upgrading my Big Brother's PC rented in
Airbnb look for hidden cameras and you
know some stuff anyway uh the point is
here's as we go down the list we've got
how to build a PC the last guide you'll
ever need some other crap how to build a
PC the other one the older one the last
guide you'll ever need immediately it's
almost like entry level computers are
good for once in years it's almost like
it's a mistake to turn your entire
product stack purely transactional price
everything feature everything for what
the market will bear it's almost like
that's going to kill the enthusiasm for
your products in the long term it's
almost like when someone comes in with
something that's legitimately exciting
instead of just seeing everything in
terms of total addressable market and
optimized profit to expense ratio blah
blah blah it's almost like you can
create new customers by making something
that's exciting and gets people talking
gets people looking into into it gets
people exploring and wanting to learn
thank you very much Intel and this is a
really really important thing that I
want to bring
up guys Intel Arc is going to force the
incumbents to
react Nvidia and AMD are very likely to
bring their cards down to a price that
is competitive with Arc don't forget
when you're recommending a $50 GPU to a
friend or building a new machine don't
forget who made the price point
happen we've talked about this so many
times in my opinion there's a value to
that people root for AMD so that their
Nvidia card can be cheaper
yeah but now Arc is not just like a
crappy option that we hope will become a
good option someday it's a legitimately
good op a solid option right now it's a
solid op option was building a computer
for a friend or something in this price
point I would probably throw this GPU in
I might check what games they play make
sure it's going to run well but you know
you should do that anyways we've just
gotten a little soft on that because
over the last years basically everyone's
just buying Nvidia cards and they pretty
much work on everything which is cool
but it's not that much of a lift they
want to play like rocket league and
League of Legends and something else
like you're probably fine sweet if they
want to play Starfield just tell them
don't bother Steve j3d here in chat says
I just had some somebody asked today
about what Nvidia to get for under $500
I told them to look for a b580 Nvidia
doesn't have real Options under $5500
dude
$5.99 used to be like an ultra card like
that was a top tier card that's very
highend that's now basically where
Nvidia starts having a valid option at
all cuz I'm not I'm not counting these 8
gig vram cards especially now that
Indiana Jones and the uh what is it
what's the sh what's this a great CC
suggestion from LG community in full
plane chat yeah great circle chewy but
sorry he said can you combine it with an
APU and use that to handle older games
that the b580 might not be good for yeah
possibly actually that's actually not a
yeah bad strp cuz Intel does struggle a
little bit with especially some very
very Legacy games yeah but modern CPUs
can probably handle that actually that
actually ties me right back into um one
of the other things that wanted to talk
about here um I want to call out
AMD where are current Generation ryen 3
chips where are they I understand people
can buy a last generation chip or
whatever on in some ancient architecture
or like a two generational chip for your
value segment but
like what the heck you used to have
value chips you used to launch the
entire lineup ryzen 7 ryzen 5 ryzen 3
like the whole thing was there and also
you had thre thread Ripper for consumers
remember that like remember getting
people excited about products and making
stuff because it was really cool and
because it would Delight your customers
and while we're at it where are your
non-x ryzen
9000s
hello we talk about this this I think
it's an upcoming video but we talk about
AMD shift and strategy where they used
to launch them at the same time the X
and the non-x expence and then then they
started launching the X first and
following up with the non-x at a lower
price but like pretty comparable spec
and now for 9,000 x has been out for
months we have x3d where the [__] is the
regular
one no you can just pay for X we're
we're doing a lot of Intel praise right
now but it wasn't even that long ago
that intel was the ones on top being big
jerks oh 100% just not even bothering to
invest in R&D and make make new chips
with higher core counts that's what
allowed AMD back in the game and
massively jumping prices and doing
things like that so it's like it's this
this like remember who got us here
comment a lot of it's like I will
genuinely make purchasing decisions
based around who's like currently yeah
it's like what have you done for me
lately you should never have brand
loyalty yeah that doesn't mean that you
shouldn't let a brand influence your
purchasing decision it just means you
should ask what have you done for me
lately yeah yep CU honestly I mean like
oh the people that influenced the
decision that you liked all those years
ago might not even work there anymore
yeah yeah like I don't know uh this is a
really good line in our notes instead of
just producing enough to meet market
demand why don't you guys make something
cool and stimulate market demand please
um there were some Adam uh did this
topic he says here's some good value
products that we've covered talking to
AMD with that last L the yeah yes uh
also just the tech industry in general
uh but just did is why I clarified there
here's some good value stuff that we've
covered um 2024 Mac Mini if you ignore
the expensive storage upgrades but that
is a legitimately exciting product I am
legitimately excited about the 2024 M4
Mac Mini Mac minis have oddly been
pretty good but yeah especially 2024 oh
man his other stuff honestly Adam I
don't know I think you're reaching I
think you're I think you're you've got
the the modern tech dystopia perspective
here cuz he's got the x3d chips in here
and they're yeah they're excited but
they're like really expensive um meta
Quest 3 VR yeah we talked about that and
also pixel a series question mark like
there just man there hasn't been there
really isn't a lot uh I I tell this
story all the time but like when people
point out like oh a lot of the stuff
that goes on LTD channel is just like
entertainment stuff these days it's like
yeah it used to be really easy and now
it's really hard now we have to we the
writing team production Team all kind of
stuff has to
make stuff interesting before stuff was
just interesting stuff like this Intel
card would just come out all the time
and it was like oh sweet I don't know
throw it on bench play with it a little
bit yeah it's great sick cool see you
your games run faster so easy there's no
downside yeah nice and then now it's
like oh man okay we got I don't know
I'll I'll I'll do some I don't know
whatever thing I see people complaining
that we we don't do enough GPU reviews
and CPU reviews like what are we
supposed to review where are they like
we get a new family of gpus like once
every almost two
years what am I supposed to do with that
I can't keep reviewing it if I did you'd
ask why I keep reviewing the same GPU I
don't make
gpus I don't make gpus don't come out
that often that's a 4060 that's a year
and a half ago if we look at the
4080 it's 2022 that's 2 years ago
November so it's even slightly more we
still don't have a 80 yeah what do you
want us to do two
years and the prices don't even come
down so someone in chat review it
[Laughter]
again
no but yeah so like okay back in the day
when it was like 8 months between GPU
Cycles oh yeah that was a long time ago
though that was before we were even in
media but fair but still still annual
Cycles were nice it's a little easier
annual Cycles now when it's every over
two years like it's it's I don't know I
don't know how when it's going to be but
it's going to be over two years
considering we just saw it's already
been over two years what do you do in
the meantime and when that's happening
to every vertical Y and when a lot of
other verticals just feel like they're
kind of maturing out a little bit um and
like to be clear I feel like our team
does a really good job great job um
fantastic job they're killing it but
it's just it's so
hard CU you have to create the the
concept uh instead of just having cool
things like we would we would walk into
the office there'd be a pile of
interesting things in the corner yeah
every day it was just like oh okay s
yeah we we'll have to prioritize which
cool interesting thing to talk about
that is not the problem
anymore oh
man anyways anyway anyways Dan we've
done two
topics okay thanks I'm a little swamped
oh oh what are you getting merch message
inundated today what's even going on
today it's been 40 minutes and I've had
200 it's been 40
minutes that's a while wow do you uh
look at us go hey it's
wano I can dance all
day is it is it the is it just cuz we're
close to Christmas and people are trying
to get stuff look at the top Banner of
the site uh precision multibit
screwdriver bit sets and ends are
restocking back orders are live now oh
please
help okay well let's do a couple merch
messages then if you've done two topics
that makes sense when's the modmat
coming
out uh there's my merch message new year
I think okay Luke
asks
sorry when's mod man coming in hi lld
great to see the Precision screw nope
that is an incoming sorry I'm losing it
uh it starts exactly the same hey
lldd just wanted to say the MCM product
Suite is phenomenal finally had a chance
to redo my setup when I moved and I
couldn't be happier what's next in that
product category I need
more oh uh we are I think we're working
on a smaller power brick holder um like
for like little tiny power bricks the
current one uh is a little bit tricky to
use on really really small stuff okay uh
I believe we're working on I think we're
in the early stages it may never see the
light of day if it doesn't reach our
quality standards but I believe we're in
the early stages of a like an arch with
like a flexy middle whoa so that you
could kind of stretch it out and have it
be like flatter or put it together and
have it be like taller it may not end up
making any sense um I know that we are
what else El are we working on I oh this
is cool now that we I've been promised
that this will be coming very very soon
even though I've been asking for it for
like two years
um could you like
bungee between two magnetic ends I don't
know maybe then you just take one end
off to access the cables and put the
other end put the end back on that would
be very complicated tooling I don't know
about that okay maybe it's a cool idea
um one thing that I know is coming is we
create all kinds of like cool 3D printed
internal tools and holders and adapters
and all all kinds of cool Stu like we
have uh for the for the little um uh
quarter 20 threaded uh power bar holder
um MCM like magnetic thing uh we have a
little screwdriver holder that can go
onto it and then you can just like put
your screwdriver into it and so I've
been just super irate every time I see
stuff like that and I'm like yo why
don't we share any of this with our
community
so we are finally going to be publishing
like a like a repo of just like all the
cool stuff that we design internally
store like maker add-ons um not even
because a lot of it's just like stuff we
just use internally that has nothing to
do with maker like are like our CPU
holders and stuff like that you're 3D
printing it isn't it like maker to yeah
sure I guess so just your Sonos wall
holders are up there yeah yeah so we're
so so we are finally going to be
publishing that bloody thing um I love
the idea of like oh lost my little the
little plastic thing my CPU came in I
can 3D print a new one that's sick and
we have those and they're awesome yeah
they're they're already designed so yes
we should we should definitely do that
uh oh tian's apparently in the chat
right now and he says possibly question
mark so I have no idea what that means
but uh keep up the good work t no that
was to the bungee thing oh really oh
okay cool cool but he said that before
you said oh what you said oh a big part
of the of the like MC M line is going to
be our cables to go with the cable
management stuff yes I'm very excited
about our cables dude the quality yes
the quality yes I'm I've been I've been
overdue to kind of modernize a little
bit I'm still on type A for a fair
amount of things and I've it's not too
much but a fair amount of things and
I've been I've been waiting I've been
waiting dude they are
um
someone I don't know who doesn't matter
someone's going to cut them open and
they're going to be like
damn they're just their quality nice
yeah quality inside not I'm I'm really
excited about
them all right damn all right I got one
more and then we'll do some
announcements okay uh got the OG
screwdriver happy to get the stubby and
precision just started a new job any
advice how to help myself stand out and
become more valuable for the
company man okay I got some I got some
Shameless advice
why is it Shameless because a lot of
people I think are too modest and they
feel awkward about sort of claim your
work pumping up yeah pumping up their
own achievements when you do something
that like goes well talk about it I
think that's honestly one of the biggest
issues that I saw like back when I was
at NC right cuz like as as the CEO or
chief Vision officer whatever roles I've
had here uh I have you know I have a lot
less visibility into
too every single is doing and um and
it's a very different perspective and
then being like a rank and filer at NC I
had my sort of bottom up perspective and
what I will say is consistent between
both of those perspectives is that
whether it's the the individual
contributors that are working for me or
whether it's my peers that are working
for the company is there are people who
do great
work super
quietly don't stand out don't point out
anything good that they do possibly get
passed up they don't get the recognition
sometimes they do sometimes they do but
often they don't but that relies on
their boss to be kind of awesome and pay
attention and be on top of it and let's
face it come on folks is your boss
awesome and on top of it and always
paying attention to what you do in like
a positive way don't don't Dan Dan don't
don't answer that no
no Luke just said no no I did not I like
working with Taran Leave Me Alone um so
that that's what that was such a
bait that's what I want you to do if you
think you're doing a great job then I
want you to make sure that you tell
people about it make sure that they know
don't be boastful don't let it be
constant just you know slip it in once
in a while especially if there's if
especially there's someone higher up the
wrong present um and if you don't think
you're doing a great job and you don't
have anything to talk about then kind of
maybe figure that out that be find find
something good to talk about yeah you
also don't want to yeah you don't want
to be annoying it shouldn't be the only
thing you talk
about but bring it up claim your work oh
and another this is actually really
great disorderly says when I did tech
support one time I went on vacation my
boss volunteered to do my job when I got
back from vacay she gave me a raise um
that's actually a really key Point as
well is take your
PTO take your time off and make sure
that by the time you take it because it
sounds like you're in a new job so you
might not be eligible for a little bit
make sure that by the time you take it
you're hard to cover for that is
impossible to ignore if you take your
time off why would you and the team why
would you say that
what no not put obstructions in the way
that's 100% how a ton of people are
going to take that that's so many people
that's not the way so many people that's
not the
way that's not the way he means be so
good yes not like don't do documentation
or whatever
else the company doesn't let's get off
this topic the company doesn't implode
when you take a day off Top If your
manager notices that you're not doing
documentation or that you're not doing
good documentation you might just get
fired for that reason so be careful
yes and just be difficult to replace cuz
you're good so take your PTO and be be
in a position where when you get back
people are grateful to have you back
because they're like man I don't know
how we do this without you that's that's
what you want people thinking about you
it's very annoying when AJ goes on
vacation because he doesn't document
anything I get messaged all the time and
I'm like GH that means do that means
he's doing work oh yeah he's like that's
good doing whatever he's doing don't
note that
Matt really good he doesn't need to do
anything more M doing great JoJo web
says okay I'm going to unplug our
company server and go on vacation thanks
for the
tip luk you give such great advice
what oh man oh
giving Luke pre TSD that's pretty
funny okay what are we supposed to be
doing then merch messages we only did
one though wait we never explained merch
messages oh oh leave a merch message you
got to go to LTT store.com we don't do
just throwing money at the screen we do
throwing money at high quality products
and merchandise and getting them in the
mail and also you can throw money at the
screen and get your message on the
screen send it to producer Dan who will
there okay it's working now who will Who
will reply to it or say oh when he
realizes that you haven't explained
merch mess yet or CU people understand
how merch messages work some of them do
hey we reach new viewers all the time Mr
besser absolutely there's a new tech
Enthusiast born every minute and we're
going to get a merch message from him
especially from Intel apparently
especially yeah oh dude thank you Intel
for I mean I remember when I was back at
NC like uh my my old boss uh Jack was
like yeah I mean the entire industry
basically lives or dies by Microsoft and
Intel innovating on a cycle because new
windows boom explosion PC sales new
Intel processor everyone else is just
sitting waiting with baited breath for
them to release something new that's
faster and better so that people need
RAM and motherboards and and and
graphics cards and and okay well I'm
spending anyway I'm going to get a
keyboard and mouse like we've we've been
without a driver the bus has just been
cruising down the road with no driver
for years we need someone to drive it
and it's like Intel sure as heck not
doing it on the CPU side but dang it the
GPU division stand stepping up and I'm
loving it all right um Dan what are we
supposed to be doing now again
announcements announcements yes
announcements um float plane merch
stream thought we were supposed to have
five of these yeah what are why are
there so many announcements well some of
them are quick some of them are quick
okay available now the floppy disc
notebook save all your precious notes on
the floppy disc notebook it's a blank
page notebook with terrible
Pages oh sorry rippable they're they're
good they're not
terrible why do they even let me Pitch
the product this one has notes in it it
fits it fits in a cross what sorry what
this one has notes in it what who wrote
that notes are not included plate power
breakfast that looks like Sarah's
writing oh anyway if it's in a cross
body bag or even a jacket pocket with
ease and comes with 200 perforated Pages
for your convenience terrible Pages uh
designed by our the lovely Sarah but it
is available in Gray or teal you can get
it now at lmg
Dogg floppy uh what else we
got uh what is this uh an announcement a
ton of you have been waiting for
underneath the table there's a stocking
what oh
it's like not close to lus at all laying
on the
ground oops re what the
oh
restocking that's right the bit set
there you go the case and precision bit
set for the Precision driver okay and
the endcap set which has the the
different uh the different uh profiles
of end cap the um convex the flat and
the concave uh they are finally
restocking but you already know that
because we spoiled it 10 minutes ago
yeah uh back when we launched these in
September we couldn't imagine how much
yell we're going to want them you
literally sold us out in 72 hours which
we appreciate uh so we ordered a lot
more a lot more but who knows they might
go fast again so we'd suggest getting
them while you can the uh case with 60
Long Reach bits a detachable hinge and
convenient magnetics part magnetic Parts
tray and an adapter so you can use these
bits with the regular LTD screwdriver or
really any other quarter shank
screwdriver is available by itself for
$29.99 or in a bundle with the Precision
multi-bit screwdriver which saves you 10
bucks compared to buying both separately
um everything is available for order at
lmg Dogg bitet so you can get that stuff
there get the combo or get the case what
else do we have to announce what else do
we have to announc is there anything
else okay this says watch video is this
going to be like weird and awkward again
are they giving us a full length video
or no what are we looking at here okay
so watch video oh it's 42 seconds do we
have audio is it this one I don't know
yes it is this one it says watch video
I'm watching a video oh no no you're
going to watch we we're watching two
videos that's the wrong video this is
the wrong video which which one are you
on oh that one no that's you oh yeah go
for it I don't know there so many videos
yeah I'll do audio okay uh let me see
lonus is not playing audio yeah go go
for it
oh heck yeah so I think we should make
this our next merch idea sick I'm lonus
and I would like to say yeah that looks
like a good idea I drop things cuz I'm a
silly guy are you going to take more
suggestions from the flo plane live
stream I'm Luke chicken chicken chicken
uh yeah that's what you suggested last
time oh yeah we did I'm lonus and I'm
always late to whan to make Luke and Dan
mad all the time I'm Colton the business
team would be excited about this
initiative as it aligns their strategic
objectives and kpis where raising
stakeholder value by leveraging this
opportunity we can drive incremental
join us December 19th at 10:00 a.m. and
your suggestions for what we should be
designing see you there oh that was
great what are we even doing every time
I'm featured they just say chicken a
bunch of times my goodness okay so Sarah
is going to be doing talking about
chicken a float plane live stream
designing I guess it's a shirt another
shirt a shirt okay and it looks like
maybe it's blue this time okay like a
light blue neat uh all right float plane
so exclusive stream exclusive shirt and
there's one last big announcement
there's a suggestion thread for the
themes I suggested a float plane in a
hanger and the hanger is create a
warehouse but maybe you can beat my
suggestion leave it on float I think
they can beat that suggestion probably I
think they can beat it probably I mean
they're float planners I'm sure they can
beat it I tried to leave like they beat
it every
day uh
we're just going to move on I think um
one last announcement one one last big
announcement is it another video it is
another video my goodness I will play
that video on YouTube no I haven't
playing this one you're playing it
yeah that's Dan he's a player I got the
the backpack her is oh
my oh that looks like someone designed
it to fit the tech saac
oh wow this like looks like a
professional company made
it oh my wow that glass is shot though
yeah hey I know where that is
two external water bottle holders let's
go man the team has outdone
themselves the price oh we just
announced the price apparently oh it's
in the description of the video too
oh is it yeah I saw dude of the unlisted
video that that is I saw so many people
Luke when when we first started teasing
the commuter bag when we talked about it
on W show being like okay I'm hoping
it'll be like I'm hoping it'll be like
150 to like 180 and then I'm like all
over this thing and I was I've been dude
it has been so hard for me chat chat's
saying good price it has been so hard
for me to sit here and not be able to
tell them okay
$149.99 yeah yeah it's good price people
are saying good price okay oh dude no no
no like this is huge W price oh dude
dude dude dude dude there was a Reddit
thread a while back where people were
like there's no way dang you're you're
hoping for you're hoping for a dream uh
a dyslexic Stoner 240 said terrible
price could have done
14997 so what's 97 you're you're two
cents too high oh okay I'm s I'm sorry
sorry I'm so sorry I'll do better next
time dyslexia Stoner you should have
played into the joke and done you could
have done $149.99 did we announce when
it'll be available was that in the
thing uh December 26th December 26th
boxing day here in Canada which is kind
of like what used to be our Black Friday
you can sign up um there's a site lg.
commuter and this is this is really
important if you're interested in the
commuter bag you should go sign up now
for the launch notification lm. g/c
commuter because at launch for a very
finite something we are doing something
we have never done before with a new
product launch on LTT store what are we
doing and you are going to want to know
right away because oh we're not telling
them because it's finite I don't even
know what it is finite means not INF
finite H so it's limited it's outside of
finite yes oh yeah it's out finite
yep don't let your friend be finite
while you are out finite wait in no the
point is sign up for the thing yes uh
all right um finally fire pole what is
that it's a pole that's fire oh no way W
hoodie
V3 whoa there are two options Dan can
you uh can you help the people can you
help the people respond to the poll so
let me explain let me explain you it
tell meish it I want to explain there's
two different possible Vibes for the
upcoming Wan hoodie
V3 this one is more like the original
sort of w hoodie the V1 and the V2 it's
got the orange accents with the gray on
the black um that's cool it's also got
just an updated design very similar fit
to the older ones but a little bit
updated uh it doesn't have the same sort
of bunching in the sleeves so it's a
little bit easier to kind of roll up so
there's a few little nice to have it's
covered in pockets all the things that
you love about you know Wan hoodie but
here's the thing the WAN hoodie branding
is not
orange and has never been orange the W
branding yeah hoodie the W branding the
the The Branding for the WAN show has
always
been kind of red it has never been
orange yeah like not not these bars on
the side of merch messages he's talking
about the the logo over there this here
yeah cuz that thing under it is is a
there the hexagon the beston that's down
there yeah um so so that's to c25 did we
do that on purpose or did we just screw
up no the W show branding has just
always been read okay yeah so
this is actually more true to the W show
mhhh they are the exact same hoodie the
only difference is that this is actually
based on the wow colors and this is gray
and red is more like the black and
orange you know when hoodie colors so
Dan go ahead you guys are going to
decide we're only making one of them so
we got red and orange yes okay I'll do
two minutes okay here comes the pool
somebody was asking for a Firefox option
I did Firefox
poll okay show results
all right so we're gonna let you guys uh
we're gonna let you
guys Fest on that for a little bit and
then okay what should we do in the
meantime I think we're out of
announcements oh yeah finally so we
could do another topic we could do a
merge message one more topic there isn't
a lot of topics we might want to hit a
merch message whatever you want Luke
whatever for you let's do two merch
messages sure uh line us Luke and Dan
with meta offering the option to reset
your algorithm should YouTube also
follow suit maybe end the brain rot once
for all I don't think that'll end the
brain rot no it won't end the the brain
rot will happen again I actually had a
conversation with my son last night
because
um he watches a little bit more YouTube
than I'd probably prefer we he's at the
age now where you know we don't want to
just like cuz I could I could just lock
how much he can watch it or whatever but
he's he's getting to the age now where
these need trying to get him to make
decisions these need to be conversations
these need to be decisions that he makes
and it's like it's like um you know the
analogy that Ivonne was drawing when we
were discussing you know just parenting
strategies was like it's like when my
parents told me I couldn't date the only
difference was that they just didn't
know yeah right and so we have to accept
that at a certain point kids are going
to not listen to everything you say and
and you've got to arm them for that
right and so one of the things that I
was talking to him about and I I pulled
up my Google Newsfeed and I basically
went so here's the thing it takes a ton
of
discipline um but you can actually tune
these algorithms because a lot of the
shorts that he's getting fed it's shorts
in particular that are kind of worrying
because he's been watching more shorts
um and a lot of them are pretty like
kind of educational and sciency so he's
actually been doing a good job of what I
asked him to do which is hey if you're
just watching you know brain rod on
YouTube that counts as screen time you
need to talk to us about it but if
you're watching educational content I
don't mind you can do that whenever you
want so he's actually been doing a good
job of tuning the algorithm a little bit
there's so much really good educational
content on YouTube too is yeah but he's
also clearly still getting fed brain rot
garbage and so what I did was I pulled
out my phone to use as an example to
show him like Hey look if I if I'm
looking at news about if I click on
something about the Royals or whatever
it's going to be full of just like
gossip bull bull spit for a long time
and if you are super super disciplined
you can actually tune these algorithms
to feed you really good content and so I
showed him I was like look okay we've
got sort of politics world events um
Tech uh we've got like like all the
things that I that I sort of generally
generally follow and without exception
there's like actually no junk in my
newsfeed anymore but that takes a long
time and I know cuz I just had to
retrain it cuz I switched from my work
account to my sorry unless you're an X
oh well yeah sure um what happened to
the poll oh the red one oh okay it
wasn't even close it was like 69% red
nice um anyway so back to the back to
the conversation about around just like
algorithms
I I think that it would be very
beneficial to be able to reset it right
but to Luke's Point having gone through
that process very recently of retraining
mine because I had to I switched from my
work account for my Google um my Google
account like my main Google account on
my phone to my personal account and the
reason I did that was because there's
certain functions that don't work in
Google Assistant if you have a Google um
what's it called Google Gite if you have
a g Suite account and I just got tired
of just like stuff not working and I was
like finally like okay fine I'll just
retrain this piece of garbage because my
news feed sucks on my personal account
and was like really finely tuned on my
work account um so it probably took me
like three or four months to get it to
the point where a I've retrained my
brain to not see ads in the feed anymore
because my work account didn't have any
and my uh my personal one does so I had
to train my brain and then also trained
my feed to not give me garbage that I
don't want to read uh oh the other thing
that typically ends up is like science
especially like astronomy science and um
and like uh Material Science for some
reason I've clicked enough things about
like lithium batteries that it's like oh
hey there's a new graphing you know
whatever and like are you interested in
this so I end up with a lot of that
stuff and it takes a really long time so
I think it's a double-edged sword is the
bottom line answer to this I think it
could be a really good thing if you feel
like things have gotten a little bit out
of control and you like want to do a
breather and reset but I also think that
it could you could be better off if you
have the discipline re tring it yourself
so we we kind of had a conversation with
him about like yeah this is this is a
feed that can be useful but it actually
takes so much more discipline when
things are just kind of being served up
in front of you compared to going out
and and seeking content like the way
that we used to so I don't know how much
of this is going to stick I don't know
how much of it's going to sink in but
trying to have these conversations it'll
come and go a little bit too I I've
talked about this on W show before but I
my one of my favorite lines about this
is like life is constant
PVP um and I think sometimes people get
lulled into thinking that it's not and
that's like actually dangerous like it's
when you're randomly scrolling things
there's a war going on that you're not
necessarily super aware of and it's
trying to learn about you trying to
learn about what's going to keep you
scrolling trying to learn about what's
going to get you to buy something trying
to learn how to all those different
things it's constantly analyzing it's
trying to tune for you you need to be
aware of that and I like to to think
that my kids you know take me seriously
as not just like some you know okay
Boomer like part of the conversation too
it was actually a bit of a longer chat
was like look I'm not this is not
fearmongering I work in this world I
live and breathe this world I go to
conferences in this world where I look
at graphs about this world about
engagement retention that's all they
care about you are just a number and I
think that something that people in
general never mind just kids can't
necessarily be expected to wrap their
brain around yeah sure yeah you are just
a number to an organization like
Google you're for sale you can be bought
you're even just a number to a lot
smaller organizations than gole that
that's fair to say just because they're
at the top of the mountain doesn't mean
they're the only ones on the mountain
um yeah yeah it's pretty wild um I Lang
man says I'm not a number no we we know
you langly
man you're definitely a number to a lot
of companies though
yes which is our
Point Kap says are we a numbered to you
guys I think you are I don't think I
recognize your
username but like Crystal I
know just it takes it takes time to
surface yeah the fulling chat's a bit
smaller of an audience you can recognize
some people
um but you know it's it's never going to
be everybody you can't you can't retain
like I don't know unless you have some
crazy brain you're not going to retain
all these different names now they're
all asking me if there's numbers how
many are asking I mean h get it that's a
number are flow plane users numbered
they're probably numbered they're
probably numbers in the database there's
customer IDs yeah so yeah you're you're
all a
number now they're all fighting over who
could be number
69 if I'm going to be a number I'm going
to be a cool
number I'm going to be the fun number do
you remember do you remember the the
small amount of politics over employee
numbers very early in the company for us
yeah did did I did I pull like a power
trip and take number one or did I take
like I'm number one on the health
insurance are you oh that's interesting
CU I think I
like I don't remember may maybe I just
it's been so long one problem that I
have is once once my memory gets past a
certain point I genuinely can't tell if
I'm just like making it up or not right
cuz like I don't know if did I dream
this like cuz my brain was like oh I
like helped set up the health insurance
and I thought about it longer I was like
that sounds really unlikely it was
probably entirely of no you totally did
not do that I promise you why would I
think that yeah I don't know I have no
idea yeah I don't know maybe I like
looked into it but didn't do anything
with it I was still on hers for Costco
that's probably why I was probably still
covered as a spouse because then we
didn't have to pay extra for it I I
genuinely feel pretty cool when I'm like
going to the dentist and they're like
what's your number I'm like uh
one that's pretty cool that's it's
genuinely that's kind of an alpha move
it's pretty cool I kind of like it
actually I
like yeah I I that's probably my
favorite part do you know your employee
number as well are you two I can't
remember if I like I can't remember if I
took one or if I took 69 or if I asked
to be or something I remember talking
Tov I think my employee number is like
not good cuz I went to admitting that he
doesn't fil out his time
sheet oh then I know it's three there
you go you're three yeah I I wonder if
yvon is two
then whatever it is probably wrong I
technically moved a float plane at some
point but I think hey um you're live on
W show one
sec I bet you uh hey I have a question
for you yeah do you remember my employee
number cuz I remember I was like kind of
a [__] about it and I uh like I I
wanted a particular number or
something um are you talking about for
like our um company benefit number no no
no not the benefit number just like our
internal database like our employee
numbers like what we use for seridian
and things like that uh yeah live yeah
you're live right now by the way but
just like that's fine just like whatever
my employee number is I just remember
it's not one it's not are you are you
1337 then cuz I remember there was a
conversation between you and I about
that wait so it's not one and I was
upset that's all you remember about it
cuz that's all I remember about it too
so this is yeah okay I can check why
aren't I number one or something like
that like yeah it sounds like something
I would whine about okay yeah all right
okay thanks lady okay bye okay bye I'm
looking it up oh what how would you know
I have ways what do you mean you have
ways don't worry about it well where are
you navigating to don't worry about it
nothing Dan I get nothing he says he has
ways I ask where he's navigating toget
it you are one I am one yes
oh why do you have that oh you know why
do you have everyone's employee numbers
I mean I guess these it oh
everything I'm pretty upset I'm
71 I was so close so
close oh man who's too or I just locked
it I don't probably him probably I don't
think so cuz I cuz I went to okay unlock
it now we need to
know this must be known who's 69 yeah
who's 69 we need to know okay hold on
what is this oh two is two is no longer
here at the company anymore
unfortunately 69 is
though who wins 69 is oh that's so sick
and it's someone who would really
appreciate it he probably would he
probably knows he will know cuz it's
going to be in his stuff yeah it's
probably on his time sheet yep the one
and only Adam
saard notice how I'm not even up there I
think it's cuz I got moved you're three
for float plane media Inc which is weird
you and Avon are probably one and two no
so you're yeah that makes sense yeah so
wait why isn't why isn't he v no no no
wait what oh for float plane yeah I bet
you you and Aon are numbered for float
plane cuz if not it doesn't really make
any sense that makes sense that makes
sense okay when we technically made
float plane I think it was literally
only AJ and I like day one of actual
float plane maybe Yuki was there I'm not
sure yeah
okay I don't think so there's so many
peoplei a contractor do matter this is
wild dude yeah it's
wild Adam and I started very very same
sort of time absolute absolute wam what
a week for Adam yeah I know right
amazing employe number kills the review
got to write his first positive review
of a P or GPU what a week oh man that's
sick did we just find out that Adam's
just a number Adam is a number but he's
more than a number he's also a word
[Laughter]
number oh
man Bas number uh okay what are we even
supposed to be what are we supposed to
be doing right now Dan well if you don't
have much topics we could do the
sponsors I guess if you want um um okay
have we been live for that long we got
about two hours good Lord we've been oh
my goodness okay uh the show is brought
to you today by MSI is your PC so slow
and hot that it's basically just a hand
warmer this winter what a weird stock
image uh time to pass the old one to
your sibling and upgrade to a baller
gaming PC from our sponsor
MSI the second generation of their Aegis
rs2 AI can come fully loaded with core
ultr processor
and an RTX 490 ready to crush any game
you throw at it Luke you can't groan
during our sponsor spots I know they put
AI in the name of the product no no no I
was I was reading flow chat but you're
not allowed to Gran I was reading FL it
also features an MSI z790 Motherboard
and liquid cooling with RGB to keep your
system chilled and all bling bling you
can even customize the lighting with
their Mystic light software to add a
festive touch this holiday season with
built-in Wi-Fi 7 Thunderbolt 4 and PCI E
Gen 5 you're set for blazing fast speeds
and heavy workloads check out the second
generation MSI AIS rs2
AI at the link in the video
description the show is also brought to
you by vessie are your socks as moist as
a
turkey our sponsor vessie is here to
save your feet from dripping gravy at
Grandma's house this holiday season
oh un this is great can I Gro during
this one Genesis 8925 says I can smell
that image oh unlike those clunky rubber
rain boots vessie uses diatex technology
to help keep your socks dry while
staying breathable lightweight and
stretchy they've got a style for
everyone like the weekend for everyday
wear or the storm burst High Toops for
your next big adventure Dennis even
brought three pairs of esses for his
family last summer and they've been
obsessed ever since in Taiwan where
surprise thunderstorms are a thing
vessie has been a total game changer
that's awesome those are actual that's
hilarious Dennis but family he managed
to sneak a family photo slideshow into W
show is there anything this mad lad
won't do they also got you to say moist
hilarious want to be the favorite Child
like Dennis surprise your loved ones
with a pair of bessies this holiday
season check out their shoes at vessie
decom and give the gift of all-in-one
style comfort and versatility with
options for under
$100 finally the show is brought to you
by Squarespace coding a website sounds
tedious enough and that's without even
mentioning all the copyrighting design
and other tasks do you think Colton is
capable of doing all that himself for
our website well with our sponsor
Squarespace even incapable Colton
becomes capable this is so much funnier
when you know that Colton is Dennis's
direct boss now y he just completed a
major update to our site of course
without having to code it for himself
Squarespace offers loads of layouts and
styling options all you got to do is
pick one that fits your needs and it'll
look great on any device plus you can
use their AI tools to generate product
descriptions all with a simple prompt
need to invoice clients you can do it
directly through Squarespace and accept
payments via debit credit Apple pay and
more and their integrated SEO tools are
optimized to help your site show up more
often and reach a wider audience so
start building your website today and
get 10% off your first purchase by
visiting squarespace.com
when okay we figured something out with
the employee numbers what' we figure out
uh I am legitimately three and it has
nothing to do with Flo plane because AJ
is
20 oh so you are three I am just three
you're just three yeah okay three is not
that cool real mature but I'm happy with
the health health insurance one I'll
take that yeah he's got the he's got the
one that actually makes total sense y
all right you want some merch messages
uh sure yeah hi thanks for finally
restocking the bit case topics are for
Chads there's only like half a one left
don't say that about Luke he's
nice thanks
for I'm sorry not I don't even
understand what's happening thanks very
actually hold on no no wait hold that
thought this is actually a really good
question Jade 529 in float plane chat
asks why do you have Heth Insurance
numbers in Canada because we have health
insurance yeah it's just that everyone
has to pay into it in order to keep the
deductibles and the premiums down for
everybody
yeah cool medication um medication used
to be completely subsidized and they
pulled that back so you can get even
more of it subsidized With Private
health insurance but you don't need it I
have this is the first job I've ever had
health
insurance yeah really I've been in
contct my like entire working career
that makes sense yeah yep yeah no it's a
it's a it's a whole thing like health
insurance health health absolutely costs
money here it's just that it's like u a
more for most system gets to luckily be
somewhat of an afterthought yes oh yeah
we don't think about it at not everyone
no some people have to some people still
have health health costs that are quite
high Y
um but even even them as far as mying
goes they are they are mostly well taken
care of to be clear there are big
downsides to the Canadian system oh yeah
100% we are at like a dire crazy need
for more healthcare workers um there are
there are some notable lacking points
yep um I I know people personally who
have had cancers Advanced through stages
because it took so long to get the
appointments that they needed but the
flip side is I've never met anyone who
just has their bones at a bizarre angle
because they broke their arm and
couldn't afford to have it set yes yeah
every time I've had something you know
something like that some sports injury
when I was a kid or something we went to
the hospital I got my stuff taken care
of and we left there there was no credit
card machine on the way out none of our
health insur CEOs have been gunned down
in the street yeah not one
yet and M
messages you switch Camas SAR Mario
costume
hi thanks for finally restocking the bit
case Luke how is your final fantasy
Journey going oh come on man get it
together here why you guys this week
darn it okay so I was I was approached
by a member of the HR team Dan hold on I
don't think my headphones are working
all I hear is excuse Excuse excuse here
I oh yeah I've got a wine in
M sorry excuse I was approached by a
member of the HR team that informed me
that starting this coming Monday if I
took my man vacation time I would have
to take the whole rest of the year
off okay that's not really going to work
cuz I have to do things but I am going
to take some of it off and I don't have
any plans so I'm going to beat Final
Fantasy before the end of the year Final
Fantasy 6 specifically he's been working
on it for since it came
out but yeah what part are you even on
have you have you Advanced at all from
the last time we talked about it no
where you at I forget I can't even
remember anymore I'm the the the main
character we went and saw like how they
were born essentially okay uh and then
we have to go fight those dudes okay
which is kind of how the game works but
you know um yeah so yeah I will have
time I have no major
plans
yet uh that's not spoilers obviously the
main character was born at some point
that's not a spoiler come and fighting
dudes in an RPG spoiler for that game
like come on came out like 1994 at a
certain point we have to be able to talk
about things yeah um I'll get to it it's
like in Jaws they killed the shark oh no
spoilers I've continued speaking of
ancient content I've been continuing my
like old movie thing I I finally watched
Groundhog Day oh for the first time ever
have you ever seen Groundhog Day as far
as romcoms go it's awesome oh yeah I'm
not a huge Bill Murray guy but maybe
part of the problem is I've never
watched Groundhog Day cuz he's like
super charming and the the script is
really tight and it's just the pacing of
it is really like like fun and upbeat
like I I really am not that much of a
not that much of a of a romcom guy but
it's it's kind of awesome yeah love it
nice yeah so and and what was great
about it was it turned out that in 1985
they knew how to make decent movies it's
just that the Breakfast Club wasn't one
of them that's all dude dude you really
like poking that Nest a little
it deserves to be poked so he ruined my
weekend I ruined your weekend wo how you
ruin your weekend Oh I get okay oh yeah
you made me watch it I was like that
ruined your whole weekend yeah my
weekends are very easy to ruin oh you
got to be less affected by things my guy
everything hurts all the time well it's
actually a spectacular does not let me
be hyperbolic ever I was I wasted a lot
of his time on his weekend because I
wasted whatever time he spent finding
The Breakfast Club I wasted whatever
time he spent watching it and I wasted
whatever time he spent at the end
going sitting crying on the floor so far
I am converting people one at a time who
watched the movie a long time ago and
are like yeah Breakfast Club yeah and
I'm like okay here are all the problems
I have with it and so far I have ruined
it for Reese from Logistics and Dan
already because they've gone back and
watch and like yeah
yeah I have no idea what I saw on this
before I remember liking little bits of
it and stuff but like I I came out of it
being like the ending especially well
the ending is like the one part that
everybody loves about it really the
start was amazing I I thought the setup
was actually really good I was into it
10 out of 10 that was probably the
scripted part the main thing that I
didn't like God yeah the character
development of the one what character
development well no there's there's one
that it's you wish it didn't happen oh
yeah oh my God so many people people
wish that didn't happen you mean the
girl with the legitimate mental illness
who puts on some eyeliner and is now
acceptable yeah that one's like what are
we doing what are we talking about here
what Avon Fox are those like conspiracy
theories what what did you realize the
whole thing was a Dream by Claire or the
main female character
what that is no that's a that's a yeah
that's wow that's a reach I don't think
I accept that that's that's that's a
reach dude anyway um anyway Groundhog
Day excellent so yeah and Dan I have uh
I have one of the things you
recommend Red Line red that's not even
old though that's from like 2007 oh God
I didn't actually I just thought it was
a good movie you should watch I didn't
know how that was that was so long ago
shut up that was an incredible like
three years ago shut up Luke 1990 was 35
years ago
Oh No 3 years three years still a child
you did you know that in a few weeks it
will have been a quarter Century since
2000 Pentium 2 came out a couple months
ago it's all okay the 1080 is technology
is Cutting Edge a quarter of a hundred
years after the
Millennium how does it feel and the
iPhone still has bugs
yeah PS PS PS3 is a retro console that
was one that blew my mind a little while
ago it's like the Wii it's not just
outdated it's retro the we of retro come
out dude how how many years ago did the
PS4 come out it's not retro but it's
going to get there I'm amazed that
anybody knows what your notebook is dude
the PS4 is so old there's probably
people watching this that weren't alive
it's 2013 well yeah I don't know if too
many 11year olds watch the one I
guarantee you there's a couple there's
probably a couple yeah it's like PS4 is
like my dad's console
yeah we had that when I was like
Uncharted a kid yeah oh my God the
Nostalgia for so
good oh man jeez Jake's Uncharted five
I'm so nostalgic people are trying to
mute you mute me I mean his voice is so
much lower than mine I'm sure that Dan
could just put a filter probably uh okay
what what are we suppos we doing right
now we could do we could do another
merch message sure I don't know uh wow
Dan's been too busy interacting with the
show here and uh his incomings
are it's getting a bit it's get a bit
much um HR my boss is laughing about how
much work I have to do um I don't have
to do it
that's you're my boss he's not
technically wrong because you can tell
him he doesn't have to do it it is Tech
but will you actually I should message
AJ about that CU L will get angry if I
talk to him that is not true stop it oh
my God AJ goes all these people are
pissing me off
the hi LLB great to see the Precision
screwdriver back I meant oh my God CH
that's what he meant uh great to see
this Precision screwdriver back 80 now
shut
shut straight read it read it your self
then shut shut shut should I wait for
the 50 what should I shut down shut up
your
face my cheeks hurt just put some more
water in it let me read
this okay
82 HR went home an hour ago I can't do
anything abuse on the weekends it's it's
free game 85
I have to do one every 13 seconds for 4
hours that's great if I read them I get
behind great to see the Precision
screwdrivers back in stock should I wait
for the 50 Series to release before
getting the new
470s or by now before Trump tariffs does
the same apply for used that's like
that's almost like Financial advice it's
oh God here I go okay fine I I think
that the incoming Administration is
actually starting to figure out how
tariffs work again I think they may have
forgotten cuz it's been 4 years um I
strongly doubt that we're actually going
to see like the the rhetoric has kind of
cooled down a little bit now that now
that some reverse rhetoric has started
and it's like hey like we will do this
we can just actually stop like sending
energy to like
Minnesota so like I don't know um that
the inauguration in like January you
might need some energy um so so now that
now that that's been kind of kind of
happening really a really interesting
sorry a really interesting side effect
of this whole thing has been the the
national the rationalization of
capabilities uh like one that one that
came up recently was H what was
it I don't
remember the exact example that I'm
trying to bring up but like in this
whole sort of sometimes actual sometimes
pseudo trade War that's going on uh when
you stop countries from being able to
import things you know instead of just
not having it they're learning how to
make it that's happening in the US
that's happening in in other
countries uh and I think it's going to
start backfiring in big ways as we like
you when you go like oh okay we don't
want you to be capable of this thing so
we're not going to give it to you and
then they're like okay well now we're
not reliant on you for it anymore and
we're going to have it anyways and to be
clear I'm not saying that Canada should
stop exporting energy to the states I'm
saying that we should have bilateral
cooperation and so we should work
together that's a good thing it's it's
it's good it's good I wonder what the
wow this is probably H do I even want to
bring this out yeah no the water are we
thinking the same thing no what happens
if you stop a river forget it uh the
point is just that the point is that um
I am hoping
I am more hopeful that between now and
January Common Sense will prevail and we
will not be in a tariff fueled trade War
immediately and hopefully things won't
just uh go up in price immediately
because of no reason other than because
we thought it was a good idea
um I don't know what 50 Series is going
to look like and if I did I wouldn't be
able to tell you but what I will say is
that if you go kind of Google the rumors
it's rumored to be coming pretty soon
and if you know Blackwell is anything to
go by like nvidia's data center products
um the generational uplift could be
pretty good that's all I can really tell
you
um if your price point is like 4070
super is based on how Nvidia has
launched previous families and how
they've kind of launched the top end
cards to start and then trickle down as
they go it may not be that you can get a
50 Series immediately at that kind of
price point however once the new family
arrives it's possible that we will see
some compression of of pricing and down
below them to make room for the new
cards so we will also see how they
decide to respond or not respond to
Intel given a new family only arrives
every couple of years or so now I would
say we're close enough to the rumored
release now that I would probably hold
off if I'm looking at a highend GPU if
I'm looking at a lowend GPU I'm buying
an arc battle mage right now if I can
get my hands on one so 470 or so I'd say
you're I'd say you're maybe in the
waiting price
band um another one yeah maybe sure sure
with AI chips dominating nvidia's Focus
do you think modern games can adapt to
use more of the additional compute from
tensor course the B100 has 20 20ish
times more tensor core tensor flops more
than standard graphics on a 4090 I mean
I think that's what we're seeing in the
form of you know deep learning super
sampling and frame gen we're we're
seeing those tensor cores being used in
gaming um like nvidia's GeForce division
is is getting this hardware and they're
kind of going okay well what the crap do
we do with this stuff so I think
absolutely we're going to see more AI
built right into nvidia's products
whether it's uh in terms of like
um video encoding I wouldn't be
surprised by that whether it's in terms
of gamer friendly features like
background noise reduction I don't know
that we will just see straight up
compute from tent CES integrated into
games like in the form of like enemy
Behavior or anything like that it' be
kind of
cool I Ian I'd be kind of into it but I
mean looking at how finally with Indiana
Jones in the great circle we are getting
a game that requires RTX and I don't
mean that in a bad way I don't mean like
oh it requires RTX cuz developers are
lazy or whatever I mean it's actually
fulfilling the promise that Nvidia gave
us back with um GeForce 2000 Series
where it was going to be a boon to
developers because instead of having to
do all these weird tricks and hackery to
get lighting to work they were just
going to place light sources and place
in-game elements and the light was going
to bounce around naturally like it would
this is the first game that's actually
doing that and we're what like 6 years
on from RTX 2000 I forget what the exact
timing is um so yeah we've started to
get these AI accelerators on our on our
gpus um but we are still probably a few
years away from anyone developing a game
that assumes that they will be there and
a big part of the reason for that is
that while Nvidia has been baking them
into their gpus for a long time everyone
else was a little slower on the uptake
and we're only now getting like
integrated processors that have ai
processing on them neural processing
units um so and I don't know is is there
much in the way of neural processing on
any of the current gen consoles cuz I
don't I don't really think there is I
don't think so I don't know a lot about
the consoles I could be wrong if we were
going to get like AI powered enemy AI
for instance then I think you'd have to
see a console generation that leans
heavily into it and that encourages
developers to implement it at this point
do you think you would need a handheld
that could do
it no not that impactful yet I don't
think so no I think the I think the the
TV console still matters enough for at
least another
generation interesting are we doing one
more or we doing
topics yeah let's do some topics yeah
why not all right topic time hey do you
want to talk about AI there's been some
AI stuff this week sure Sora yeah Sora
is out and there is other AI news open
AI 12 days of announcements continued
this week with Monday's release of Sora
the AI video generator that blew
everyone's Minds back in February and
they gave it to a couple people and then
they stopped doing that probably because
I realized how expensive it was uh put
that in myself um I definitely thought
this is from Riley I definitely thought
it had been longer realistic AI video is
so normalized that is yeah that is very
true uh to the point where I really
question a lot of the stuff that I see
these days uh I don't know anyways uh
chat gpg plus and pro subscribers have
access but of course Marquez brownley
had already been playing with Sora for a
few weeks now um and then there are some
of his examples are you bringing those
up I'll bring them okay um while he
brings those up on Wednesday open AI
regifted a present in the form of chat
gbt integration in apple intelligence
which Apple shipped along with their
other AI features this week most
importantly male categorization which is
maybe nice and could also lead to you
getting in trouble because you didn't
respond to any wow it's a fake news
report oh wow yeah the background's
definitely not perfect text is not right
but if I wasn't paying careful attention
plug plug
pug I like the text personally oh do you
see the tech reviewer check out the tech
reviewer
yep open it
up
wow whoa where' that phone come from
yeah yeah whoa whoa he's a tech reviewer
and a magician closeup magic expert
yeah wow that's smooth I mean now I kind
of you know what's funny you want to
like edit that dude we totally have a
video coming where I pull
that I'm going to I'm going to go find
it in Trello right now uh while you
continue talking about things so you're
I'm out on screen share for a little bit
here yeah also on Wednesday Google
announced Gemini 2.0 which is demo which
it demoed powering an updated project
Astra uh which I will open up really
quick uh oh nipless cage says you should
probably look at the news that broke at
the top of the show about open AI yeah I
don't I don't know if we have that
anywhere in the dock uh I will try to
get to that maybe we'll get through
these notes and then I'll try to see if
we can get something on that um but it
is potentially relatively big news but
we'll we'll have to see um the there's
the project Astra assistant with
realtime video input as well as AI
agents for gaming and controlling your
browser I don't I don't know if I want
that but we'll see uh open the eye
answered by adding realtime video input
to chat GPT advanced voice mode on
Thursday Friday's announcement was a
nothing burger just projects in chat GPT
uh elsewhere in the AI verse Reddit is
talking uh is taking on Google and chat
gbt with Reddit answers oh wow that's
actually a great idea a new AI powered
Search tool meant to replace adding
Reddit to the end of your Google
searches which is a lot of mine um a
literature class at UCLA is planning to
use AI generated textbooks 2025 but it's
way but it's way better than it
sounds that's not the sentence that I
expected to follow that up uh the
textbooks made by kudu a company that
collaborated with the courses Professor
Who provided course notes presentations
and other material from previous
iterations of the class to generate the
textbook over the course of four months
kudu charges students 25 bucks per
semester to access the textbook
digitally that's I mean it's a lot
cheaper than buying some of these
textbooks interes um providing an
alternative to paying through the nose
for barely changed new additions of
traditional cheex textbooks interesting
that's not that bad okay well I mean
we'll see it depends on how much it
hallucinates we'll see how their final
exams go and then we'll evaluate it from
there yeah build this uh agent orange
instead of you know a random cleaner um
AI company Artisan AI company Artisan
Drew criticism for buying Billboards
through San Francisco that say stop
hiring human
okay we're going to we're going to look
at that for a second are you kidding me
wow
wow I don't know if you heard about this
but something happened to a healthare
CEO recently um anyways uh advertising
their sales rep AI agents Artisan CEO J
Artisan say it
Luke class war
The Artisan CEO acknowledged
the are somewhat dystopian but also so
is AI and they gave the AI laser eyes
what is happening is this real they did
it has laser eyes yeah it's creepy what
are they
doing what is
it I don't know dude I don't know um
anyways yeah did you did you you're
still looking for that thing okay so I'm
going to try to pick up an article on
this no I've already got the uh blog
post from I'm I'm so sorry I'm going to
try hard uh sushir Balaji yeah yeah yeah
um the 26-year-old open AI whistleblower
who was found dead this is his last post
on X I recently participated in a New
York Times story about fair use in
generative Ai and why I'm skeptical that
fair use would be a plausible defense
for a lot of generative AI products I
also wrote a blog post about the gitty
details of fair use and why I believe
this to give some context I was at open
aai for nearly 4 years and worked on
chat GPT for the last one and a half of
them I initially didn't know much about
copyright fair use Etc but became
curious after seeing all the lawsuits
filed against gen companies when I tried
to understand the issue better I
eventually came to the conclusion that
fair use seems like a pretty implausible
defense for a lot of generative AI
products for the basic reason that they
can create substitutes that compete with
the data they're trained on I've written
up the more detailed reasons for why I
believe this in my post obviously I'm
not a lawyer but I still feel like it's
important for even non- lawyers to
understand the law both the letter of it
and also why it's actually there in the
first place that being said I don't want
this to read as a critique of chat GPT
or open AI per se because fair use and
generative AI is a much broader issue
than any one product or company I highly
encourage machine learning researchers
to learn more about copyright it's a
really important topic and precedent
that's often cited like Google Books
isn't actually as supportive as it might
seem feel free to get in touch if you'd
like to chat about fair use machine
learning or copyright I think it's a
very interesting intersection my emails
on my personal
website and he actually he wrote like a
little paper on it on his
website um yeah which this is the only
thing on the website uh which is really
good cuz yeah no fair use is a super
super not a good and stupid defense um
for training your models with
copyrighted works it it doesn't it fall
it would fall apart immediately unless
absolutely you manage to get the case um
overseen by a completely corrupt Court
um okay wow that's uh that's really
sad um
what else we got in AI news did you make
it through everything else I think I
made it through okay well
um you want to hear about other crazy
stuff did you find the thing in the
Trello thing I did find the thing do we
want to show that or something so we did
a video on ferroelectric
RAM um and we did like kind of a silly
thing in the intro watch my
hand okay so wait for it wait for
it this a good video by the
way hold on hold on wait for it okay so
I get this other
thing okay blah blah blah something
something radiation it's resistant to
that W I don't know we were just on set
and oh that'd be kind of fun we should
just do like a silly like
uh I just thought it'd be kind of fun
that's pretty sweet yeah just the fact
that it was so similar to that AI
generated video that Marquez had yeah
that's cool people are unsure if it's
editing magic or magic magic who cares
that's part of the
magic magician never tells you how they
did their trick speaking of freaking
magic dude Google announced Quantum
breakthrough with their Willow Chip have
you looked at this no you I Linked In
The Thing early in the week I thought
you would look at it I've had an
incredibly really busy week I can't use
that excuse I used the word incredibly
uh uh oh there it is uh Google has
created a new Quantum chip called Willow
that can reduce errors exponentially as
it scales up a major breakthrough in
Quantum error correction uh Willow
performed a computation under 5 minutes
that would have taken one of today's
fastest supercomputers 10 septian years
to complete showcasing its potential for
solving complex problems beyond the
capabilities of classic computers uh
this is genuinely a new form of compute
uh by all accounts this seems to be a
genuine Breakthrough by Google in
contrast to their much debated
Declaration of quantum Supremacy back in
2019 uh and maybe their uh all it takes
is what is it all it takes is attention
or whatever that article was that really
sparked this whole AI thing and then
they weren't on the Forefront of it
despite writing the article on it
anyways uh however Google told The Verge
that their chip won't break modern
cryptography so everyone can just chill
for now for now until Willow 2 what else
we got and then nation states come give
us money please oh this is funny
Microsoft recall preview doesn't honor
privacy settings recall is back in the
windows insiders program after being
pulled in June over lots of backlash
massive privacy concerns Etc the new
version allegedly encrypts screens that
it captures it's supposed to filter
sensitive information and that is
enabled by default this prevents it from
recording apps websites showing credit
card numbers Social Security numbers and
other important financial information
Tom's Hardware tested recall and
discovered the filter doesn't work very
well credit card info and a random
username and password and notepad was
captured despite Capital 1 Visa being
written alongside the information a loan
application PDF in Edge was recorded
including Social Security name and date
of birth and they created an HTML page
with a web form that said enter your
credit card number below with fields for
card type number CVC and expiration date
and it captured this too it did work for
some real world Commerce sites that were
tested like poni and Adafruit only the
before and after screens were captured
leaving out the credit card information
in those cases and when Tom's Hardware
reached out to Microsoft for a comment
they were directed to a blog post which
states we have updated recall to detect
sensitive information like credit card
details passwords and personal
identification numbers when detected
recall won't save or store these
snapshots we'll continue to improve this
functionality and if you find sensitive
information that should be filtered out
for your context language or geography
please let us know through the feedback
Hub we've also provided an option in
settings that we encourage you to enable
that will anonymously share the apps and
sites that you prefer to be excluded
from recall to help us improve our
product nice hey at least the new
version be a database of all the smut on
the internet
I mean do we need another
one Luke I think that's just called the
internet
yeah with
Facebook to their credit the new version
is opt in instead of opt out oh that's a
lot better and you need to use Windows
hello to open the recall app to see what
it's recorded that's something that's
something making it opt in solves most
of my problem with it to be completely
honest the files are encrypted and could
not be easily opened without
actually biometrically authenticating or
using a pin so that's the good news but
also like you know yeah don't turn it on
but hey you can buy a car on Amazon
Amazon is launching Amazon Auto with
initial partner Hyundai to make buying
cars easier than ever really they have
plans to feature other brands in the
future you pick your car trim options
browse local availability at
participating dealers with fixed
transparent pricing get an instant quote
on your tradein secure financing check
out and schedule a pickup time
should we do it what should I buy a
Hyundai on Amazon why I don't know maybe
I want a Hyundai you ever think of that
I don't think it's going to be like an
interesting experience no I don't think
it's going to be I really don't I don't
know but people are saying yes people
want it yeah but they're going to say
yes to any hey do you guys literally
100% of you use Firefox do does
literally every single Flo plane user
use Firefox is this that scab again is
that true what what do you guys think
whoa they're saying yes no way that's
crazy imag imagine that that's wild 100%
of an internet user base all using the
same type of browser you're kind of a
dick
right U okay two things one this seems
like a kind of a weird business Vision
to me because what was that I thought
there was like a buy a car online
company that popped up during Co and
then people realized it like wasn't
making money at all and it just super
died probably I don't remember and then
also so this isn't the first time you've
been able to buy cars on the you could
buy yeah that you could buy them on
eBay that was crazy this I don't know
it's just like a big
box compared to what they normally ship
it in I guess it's not a big box how do
they drop it off and he knows big
boxes no uh do big box Enthusiast no do
you think it's goes to the Big Box store
do you think it's an individual like
flatbed that drops it off do you have to
go pick it up somewhere you probably
have to still pick it up at local
dealers so you still have to go to a de
so then like what's the point they can
still try to sell you some you know
undercoding why did we do this I don't
know I mean I didn't seems like a stupid
idea have LT and short circuit gone too
far with the
clickbait um have they flow plan the
topic is and this was written up by
Elijah oh good yes folks we did see the
Reddit thread titled what happened to
video titles
and of course float plane says yes
because they just say yes to
anything he's so happy right now I'm
glad you make him
happy do you enjoy do you enjoy pleasing
Luke
whoa yes see this is what we're dealing
with over here this is this is what
we're dealing with
okay oh my goodness
um so the what the hell did I walk back
into do you guys need a minute I think
it's more like what did you walk in on
oh I need a minute the op was expressing
some frustration with some of our recent
titles being lies some examples are the
most recent AMD upgrade titled upgrading
my Big Brother's setup and it wasn't
your and short circuits video titled
this is a weird shape for a phone with
the op explaining that the first lines
in both of these videos had something
along the lines of he's not my actual
brother or it's not an actual phone some
comments as well are talking about us
lying about renting an Airbnb for the
video where we rented an Airbnb and
tried to find hidden cameras the reason
this is even a w topic today is because
we would like to discuss with the
community why our titles are the way
that they are and talk about how even if
a fringe minority is upset about the
titles we as a business are always
experimenting and seeing what sticks and
what doesn't um Elijah says because
believe me if it doesn't stick we adjust
it ex the Mac for poor people
title how that made it out the door man
I approved it why like oh man I thought
it was funny oh I saw I saw one of the
community posts about that and I was
like that's fake I can that was that
wasn't us and then I I'm like man like
that's that's crazy that like so and I
was reading the comments I was like no I
can tell you the context that exist that
existed in my brain that made it so that
I thought that was a funny title because
I've been trying to make a video called
the background was tense hold on I okay
I I didn't notice that oh yeah that was
I I did not notice that I would I would
not have I didn't notice that but the
the background that existed in my brain
for why we made the decision was that
I've been trying to convince the writing
team to make a video that's like Brand X
doesn't care about poor people for a
long time because so many brands have
abandoned their low-end
products we we no longer have like a
current gen $130 CPU this was not the
way we no longer have a current gen $250
GPU at least until Thursday and so I was
like apple who has completely forgotten
about poor people forever I mean when's
the last time they even made an iPhone
SE like honestly I iPhone so that was my
whole thing Apple finally like
remembered not everybody has
$1,300 to spend on a phone and like a
$1,500 to spend on a computer that wasck
out so we can't have our like genuinely
decently affordable headphones either
that was where I was coming from finally
Apple made a computer for poor people
they like remembered that not everybody
is a dentist and yeah it didn't land it
didn't land anyway no um there's some
discussion questions here but first I
would like to correct a couple of
misconceptions the first one that really
got people mad was the Airbnb
one okay and that's the one that I
actually most take exception to because
in that video let's have a look at what
this title was okay hold on where where
are we at okay here we go here's the
title here's the thumbnail I rented an
airbn be to look for hidden cameras okay
there's our here's our thumbnail device
finds cameras okay I rented an
Airbnb I did we shot this video in an
Airbnb that we rented really
really step two I looked for not going
to lie when I watched it I was like
that's not his house step two I believed
you rented one I looked for hidden
cameras I did you just didn't find any
well yeah obviously not because
like we had to ask for permission to use
a place as a filming location yet
numpties and no one's going to be we had
to tell them what we were doing yeah
like that's fair and like some people
were like well you should have like
rented a bunch of airbnbs and search
them all it's like the vast majority are
not going to have any hidden Electronics
in them I'm I'm sure it's a thing that
technically happens but actually finding
one like there's I literally rent Ed an
Airbnb to look for hidden cameras what
the do you want from
me and to show you the importance of
titling on YouTube this is how this
video was performing when we had the
initial title what was it um I think it
was this uh device can detect any
Electronics even when they're off oh
yeah the new title is way better which
was a super straightforward straight
shooter title yep then we changed the
title of the video I forget exactly
where we log it somewhere and it went
show went from being a horrible
underperformer like the worst thing we'd
uploaded in a couple of weeks to being
an over performer so you know what yeah
if my title is literally
accurate and you're just like you're
just like mad because we
didn't find a camera that we didn't put
that like I'm sorry it was a really good
guys if if they didn't actually rent an
Airbnb I don't think they would have
been I think they would have been lazy
enough to just use like the kitchen set
or your house I don't think they would
have gone to painstakingly convince you
that it's a a different house but not
actually pay for an Airbnb dud we drove
all the way to like abbottsford or
something like we actually like rented
an Airbnb and went to an Airbnb and shot
in an Airbnb we put in the work for
crying out loud and then the funny thing
about it to me is that other than that
Reddit thread almost no one was mad
about the very next day us uploading the
video with Lucas where it was like
upgrading my big brother setup okay he's
not actually my brother that was a good
joke it was
just guys is joke is joke op are people
actually upset about the brother just
the one guy okay um and then as for what
was the other one the uh the weird shape
for a phone yeah so with the phone one
the the only reason that I called it
like a weird shape for a phone was cuz
it's not a phone it doesn't have a SIM
slot and I acknowledge that first line
of the video cuz like like they said um
but what it does have is it has a
Snapdragon processor that is very
similar in performance and capabilities
to a modern smartphone and that's why
it's so expensive it's like a $600 Game
Boy thing um but it's like it's got a
touchcreen and runs like full fat
android even though
it like has a Game Boy interface that
honestly kind of blows like the form
factors like there's a reason nobody
makes the Game Boy anymore other than
people who still make the Game Boy um
which there a few which there are a
handful doing but it's not ergonomic
it's it's it's a very old very dated
very not ergonomic design yeah um and so
I just I just thought it was I just
thought it was amusing I think that is
probably the most sort of valid
complaint where people were actually mad
and it was actually kind of misleading
and I'm sorry and we fixed it um but
yeah we're we're always trying stuff
because we never know what's going to
work and this ideating on titles is also
incredibly freaking hard and I think
people don't realize that and it's
frustrating because when we name
something like that uh that um nonlinear
Junction detector video when we name
something literally what it is or what
it does it performs like crap nobody
watches it it's a great video it's
educational it's entertaining it's a
good length it's very like just like eat
some popcorn watchable like for crying
out loud I don't know guys I'm just I'm
not going to I'm not going to apologize
for having to put good
content in shiny
packaging um and yeah like we're we're
going to we're going to fly too close to
the Sun sometimes and we're going to
have to sort of correct titles or we'll
just have a or we'll upload a or we'll
have like a straight shooter title that
we're going to have to you know lean
farther into into making it more
clickable but it's just part of the game
and it's frustrating to me because I
wish I could just call the video
nonlinear Junction detectors explained
these things are so cool cuz that that's
what I felt about it that's what I
wanted to call it that's I was the one
who came up with the title that was like
this detects any Electronics even if
they're off but nobody clicked it or it
detects hidden hidden spy devices even
if they're off or something like that I
forget what it was but I watched
the the video I think I might have
clicked on it before the title
update um because I was interested in
how it found Electronics when they were
off and if that was in the first title
that that's probably why I clicked on it
so that's that's another thing is like
you might get a different type of person
but the type of people that want that
first title just aren't as common so the
video will perform worse I wish we I
wish we could ABC titles as well or
pairings of titles and thumbnails and
stuff like that and not even lock into
one but just have them be different
depending on you know what YouTube knows
you're more likely to click on like I'd
be super down for that of time yeah I
was just thinking like what what if you
had like five different title and
thumbnail mixes for one video and it
just served what it thought that user
would like the most to the individual
user instead of AB
testing sorry I wasn't really listening
but the Airbnb thing says it was
apparently actually kind of a pain
because accounting was all over
it oh that's really funny uh anyway
Elijah says uh this is my thoughts on
the whole thing and linked to a Reddit
post is it his Reddit post
oh
Elijah okay one of our rules in the
writing department is don't insult the
audience and I know I break it once in a
while but that doesn't mean you can uh
okay what are we supposed to be talking
about no it's not apparently it's not
his Reddit post no it wasn't it was
someone being very rude oh I know it's
not yours Elijah but you linked it I
like the title at the very least what
everyone no it's this one
no I think he no no I think he Oh I
thought it was the top response that he
linked no okay fine yeah it's fine okay
put down your keyboards and just enjoy
the content there you there we don't
look at the the top response
fixed I got youah you're good okay good
um yeah yeah we can go back okay yeah
we're good thanks Elijah uh
Blu-rays dude LG has discontinued their
Blu-ray and UHD Blu-ray players this has
been confirmed by flat fins HD LG Korea
excuse me didn't confirm if this is a
definitive and Final Exit from the
optical disc player market so this could
leave the door open in case they want to
make a return but they haven't made any
new models of Blu-ray players since 2018
and it's no secret that sales of Blu-ray
discs and players are on a very Steep
and steady decline and our discussion
question here is physical media
especially for movies is seen as far
superior to streamings due to factor far
superior to streaming due to factors
like higher bit ratees and less
compression what are we are we just not
going to have like a definitive quality
version of new films anymore I think so
will streaming will will we see a high
quality streaming service that comes in
to take the place I don't think so
either people won't pay for it and if
they do one person will pay for it
they'll rip it and then everyone else
will just download it like kind of like
with
Blu-rays okay this ended up being less
of a main news topic more of a short
conversation but anyway that's a thing
that happened which is which is a bummer
because yeah Blu-ray versions are like
definitely better and look way better
and especially as display sizes continue
to scale it's going to become more of an
issue like I was um uh we did some
sponsored spots for Amazon Luna uh
earlier this week I was shooting those
with Sammy and um you know nothing
against Amazon Luna latency feels pretty
good it seems pretty cool it got some
great games on it but I fired it up on
the 150 in TV that I have in the theater
room and I was like oh that's a lot of
compression and that's just the nature
of the beast when it comes to stream
content as you blow it up bigger and
bigger those those color banding blocks
or those compression blocks get more and
more noticeable I do think that local AI
on our devices will help to smooth some
of that stuff but but you don't want
those weird Wheels in F1 maybe what I'd
really just rather have cuz it's garbage
in garbage out is not garbage to go in
and then I could AI it even better you
know like if you wanted or not or not
I've been seriously thinking buying a
buying a Blu-ray of uh The Grand
Budapest Hotel cuz I wanted to watch
that with Emma and I was like well I
want a good quality version of it so
like you heard it here first folks Luke
considered buying a Blu-ray how'd that
go for you thought about it didn't end
up doing it so yeah okay well you're
part of the problem might might still do
it well I haven't acquired it any other
way
YouTube has broken video title links on
publisher embedded videos and the source
here is the Verge um here's their
article YouTube quietly made it so that
some of its web embeds are worse
including ours here's why you can't
click on the title to go back to YouTube
on our videos and this is an issue that
I have to confess I had not considered
at all what YouTube embeds on some
websites like The Verge no longer let
users just click the video title to open
it on youtube.com or the YouTube app
this is because YouTube changed its
YouTube player for Publishers to remove
branding which apparently includes the
title link according to YouTube
Publishers who want the link back must
use the standard YouTube player which
gives up ad Revenue so uh YouTube uh
player for Publishers allows you to put
your own ads on it I didn't even know
that YouTube participated in the like no
as just like a white box solution for
like video Eds on your site I like I
knew like Vimeo does stuff like that I
know there's other like bespoke ones
specialize in like yoga courses and
things like that I had no idea that
YouTube even did this anyway if you use
a default regular YouTube embed that
then YouTube will make more money and
Publishers will make less YouTube says
that this change is to protect
advertisers and partners because they
don't have visibility into the ads that
are served in the YouTube player for
Publishers but publish like The Verge
are frustrated um because they can keep
wait hold on because their options are
to keep the links broken so people can't
navigate back to YouTube or they can
switch to the standard player and lose
revenue or they'll have to use another
player that likely won't have a YouTube
link anyway and it all just kind of
sucks um oh just tell them
no yeah forget we've have enough topics
uh Riley forget it put put your keyboard
down go home I I haven't listened to the
podcast fully yet but uh Dan on the labs
web team shared it with me um I don't
know did we talk about this did we talk
about this uh no I don't think we did
yeah they have a podcast on this that
talks about like how they make money and
how they've made money over the years
and like how running a ADF funded
business on the internet in current year
is really hard and things are going to
subscription models and stuff super
interesting I'm like a little bit into
the podcast haven't listened to the
whole thing I'm planning to finish it
off this weekend um but like Yeah The
Verge is
being public and transparent about
things right now which is very
interesting to me I don't know how many
other people but it's very interesting
to me um it's cool because like honestly
I look at a lot of these sites including
the Verge heavily including the Verge
and I
really don't understand how they make
the money that they make knowing like
how many people they employ and like how
much of a showing they've had at like
shows like CES and stuff in the past
like man like your stuff is getting this
much traffic to pay for all this that's
crazy um so it's it's cool having them
kind of show behind the veil a little
bit um so our our conversation here is
like what's the deal cuz I honestly I I
kind of agree with YouTube that if it's
not a like if it's not supposed to be
like YouTube if it's you know player for
Publishers but okay yeah it has YouTube
on it this seems to me like put your own
ads on it like they have like a branding
issue here cuz I I wouldn't want that to
be YouTube branded if I was YouTube and
I have no idea what ads are going to be
on it or what okay I get it but on the
other hand I totally see where the Verge
is coming from where in their mind this
product has been degraded and they were
using it and that's just the nature of
this everything's a subscription
everything is as a service world that we
live in where whatever the deal was it
can just change unilaterally and it's
not up to you like from my point of view
I don't even really see the product as
degraded if anything I would think if I
wanted video embeds on my site not
having YouTube branding all over it
would be a plus but if people like the
YouTube interface and that's where they
want to watch it and engage with other
viewers then yeah I can see how it could
also be a minus I I think this is a I
really I really see this one from both
sides like I can definitely see why if
you're using something you like the way
it works like it it could be something
as simple as like the YouTube Creator
Studio mobile app like it used to have a
way that um from the dashboard here I
could just slide in from the side and
select which channel analytics I wanted
to see now I have to click this then
click this then click it so they just
like added extra clicks and I hate that
but I'm sure for someone it's like
better this way maybe I don't know the
mobile app development team no offense
but you guys um you'd be better off if
you just hadn't touched it for the last
like five years but that's a separate
conversation they've fixed some stuff
but they mostly just like have not
improved um the things that I think are
actually important for interacting with
your community but
yeah last topic I would say that I'd be
happy to have calls with you guys and
you know talk about ways that you could
fix it but we've done that and you
didn't listen to any of it and now it's
worse sorry sorry sorry
sorry uh last topic um I don't know it's
kind of boring Nvidia brings back
GeForce land so they're promoting
probably a GPU I would assume
what wait it features a 50-hour gaming
Marathon that's a that's a specific
number and it'll be on an aircraft
carrier and it's us only oh yeah the
last time they did one of these was a
long time ago and they did an aircraft
carrier land so that was cool for the
400 regular Gamers who are allowed to go
yeah or everyday Gamers sorry was the
term uh discussion question is epic
whale land collab yeah yeah they'll
bring the ship we'll bring the whales
the whales yeah all right what else are
we doing today I think that's it for
topics after dark are we after
dark yeah oh this is hilarious trending
on X Elon Musk pushed for open AI profit
new email show so you're not mad that
they switched to for profit you're just
mad that they didn't do it for you oh I
think he also did still want it to be
open he just also wanted it to make
money if I remember correctly these
aren't new emails yeah oh no I know
maybe it's more reinforcing or something
but we've known this for a long time
you think Elon didn't want to make big
dollars what are you talking about yeah
yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah let's do
it oh that was
quick I was waiting oh I was waiting I
wasn't sure if you're going to Branch
off into something else that's
fair bye Sammy bye what why do Sammy
still why are you still here there's
lots of people still
here oh yeah we started show on time
it's only like almost 7 which is like
pretty late or whatever but like very
early for us yeah very early for us to
be on after dark
yeah M we don't got to get Luke home for
eight oh wow yeah you're going to be
home before 8 today yeah that's good
you're not even going to need those
chocolates that wasn't even a joke I
don't even are those
like do younger people even know what
those are after eight yeah I know I mean
they wouldn't they go to
bed oh man oh boy no I don't think we're
going to stream super checks tonight
Luke's all salty cuz he's bad at it he
won't play with me anymore okay it's
it's the it's the smash bows problem
okay if you those smash bows if you I
did screw that up if you own smash bows
or or potentially Bros uh and you play
it a bunch if say say you you go to the
store with your friends and you buy
Smash Bros and you go home and you play
and it's all fun and then they go
home and don't play and you
grind and then they come back and you
all play it's not going to be fun we
played Super checks and we streamed it
one
time and the one time that we streamed
it lonus studied the tape like a
Collegiate athlete or
something and then like figured out how
I play and jumped up in skill level a
bunch and then it like wasn't very
competitive and that's just so lame so
in summary skill issue it's so
lame my goodness oh man you were already
better barely though yeah and now but
that made it competitive and fun my
goodness I I told you to study the tape
too I told you I told you I was studying
the tape
ridiculous I told I told
Theon I tried to get him in
[Laughter]
trouble no is just cheating by being
better than me at everything that's not
true no there's lots of things he's
better than me at the usual curve is
that if we fire up a new game depends on
the topic I am better than Luke for like
25 minutes maybe not maybe less and then
he is better than me forever after that
it depends on the type of game that's
usually how it works though depends on
the type of game that's usually how it
works there are some I like I don't I
think it would take
me extreme amounts of time to catch up
to you in super Commander the Supreme
Commander Supreme Commander yeah no
super Commander it would take you like a
TENS of hours yeah at
least but what are you snickering at D
but but that's a game that I have so
many more hours in so if we actually
look at the Curve the moment of starting
to play you're probably better than I
was at that period well cuz Ela said
tens of hours not hundreds of hours so
it was like a slight compliment I think
yeah well no what that was I was what I
I have like many many many many many
hours in that game like back when it
came out and stuff and it's it's the
kind of game where like there's so many
variations in strategy that the only way
to be good at it is to have played a ton
of matches the skill ceiling is like
infinite so being good at it in tens of
hours is fine yeah one of one of the the
most wild things to me is cuz we've
played like on the internet with
Internet people before one of the things
that like hurts my brain is that you're
so much Beyond like myself and your son
who will play you sometimes that he
seems like a god to me and then we'll
play against internet people and he'll
get stomped and I'm just like oh dude
I'm not even good like like I was pretty
good in like 2007 or whatever right then
those people some of them still play
yeah that's how I feel playing factorio
like I got I've got nearly a thousand
hours and I'm like bad at it there's
some people who are just Bonkers yeah
the the one that hurt me that way for
forever was Joe and I used to play the
crap out of Rocket League we were very
good at Rocket League diamond in rocket
League champion at one point in rocket
league but a specific type of Rocket
League the hockey one yeah yeah we go to
try to play with the the soccer
ball had no idea was
happening nothing worked at all I was so
lost I don't know whatever
um anyways okay well let's get some
merch messages in you guys any memories
you care to share about the PC you built
in the Denver Micro Center I go there a
lot and some people still remember your
visit was that the weird like we water
cooled it wrong
one what I think it was we built like a
super weird I was trying to come up oh
hey I'm reminded of this uh we sponsored
DIY perks let's go go watch DIY perks
video after this nice yeah he did like a
weird surround sound laser thing it came
out today I haven't had a chance to
watch it yet but
um oh I watched this before work dude
videos are so SI let's
go DIY perks is my idol sponsoring all
the coolest YouTube ERS we are sponsor
of DIY perks let's go that's awesome
hell yeah yeah yeah um okay what was I
searching for
uh my first center I don't know here
let's see if we can let's see if we can
find this so this is this one was fun
but this one was in California dude I
could if I was a conspiracy theorist I
would think this video is staged like
how perfectly the whole thing turned out
it 100% was not she just happened to be
the first person who asked us about that
PC and bought it for 20
bucks um I don't think I've seen that
video oh yeah this is the one yeah we
just built like the stupidest computer I
forget I forget
why oh yeah because I think it was
because it had to be their demo so I was
like this is hilarious I should like
build it
wrong so I put like really weird like
cooling stuff in it and stuff that's
such old light has moved
you have to display this
forever well they dragged me all the way
up to Denver oh my
god look I made a
butt oh my
goodness that's great oh
man anyway um yes I remember that I
remember the team being a lot of fun I
remember them being super cool cool nice
no I'm not talking bad about Denver I'm
just saying it's far away he doesn't
like traveling yeah okay I understood
immediately what are Linus's mods on
beat saer oh uh just like better song
search and like uh the leaderboards and
uh like I don't I don't care about any
of the mapping extensions or anything
like that I just I just like to hit
notes so I I'm super boring in vanilla
when it comes to beatsaber modding it
already breaks often enough that i' keep
it
minimal are you able to share how
successful your Black Friday week was
for example how many screwdrivers you
sold I don't know sure it um
uh be careful how you do so it's your
decision to do so yeah yeah Luke should
I not curate these types of messages
anymore no I mean it's his company is it
though yes yeah
shut up
Luke
um see if I can find the uh did someone
just kill my internet I just got I just
got logged out of my
gwe did some do that Luke my hands
didn't even moved it wasn't me it's AJ
AJ's here
though what what the heck I'm so sorry
Shopify went down
oh no I'm not saying he did do that I'm
just saying he
could here we go post event summary do
docx I'm not going don't worry relax
that would have been horrible
relax uh okay so we beat our revenue
forecast by 30% which is enormous which
is huge um a big part of that was uh
down to the the deals we were offering
the uh hard work that the team did to
get uh hold on I'm just going to open
this with Google Docs instead of the
preview um huge shout out to the team
um man I it's one of those things it's a
double-edged sword I want to call out
individual
contributors but I don't want to miss
anybody because then if I do then it's
like yeah double suck that gets really
rough to be honest but I will say that
the um the team at CWS so uh Sarah Ry
worked especially hard on like the
landing pages and newsletters um R work
really hard with the production team on
a couple of shorts also awesome like
that super long shaft one um genuinely
just performed really well videos yep
yep those were just good
videos um huge shout out to the entire
creative Warehouse team like obviously
the design of the products packaging
like everything um but also like uh Nick
and Dave
uh who worked on a lot of the like
nitty-gritty of the promotions um but
anyway so yeah so how do we do um yeah
we beat our forecast by 30% we hold on
key results let me just see if I can
find a thing here uh the float plane
Early Access um was hugely impactful we
drove almost uh 1,500 new float plane
members with that that was super
cool key uh key offers under perform
recipients the email uh eblasts
performed really well uh we apparently
had a
58% open rate on our email campaign
which is like
enormous what I don't remember the last
time I opened a marke email from anyone
um and an 18% clickthrough rate which is
like if there's any people who who work
in that
industry let people know in the chat how
mindblowing those numbers are that's
absurd um one of the things that I've
pushed really hard about our newsletters
is that we don't spam people we like
send meaningful newsletters so that
they're good we also saw very very
little abandonment um or like a a
deregistration from our newsletter
so yeah let's go
um uh
challenges uh we oh we had some
promotions of our products go live with
influencers for stuff that we didn't
have in stock that was funny that's in
one of our that's one of our challenges
uh but that just it was what it was the
timing was what it was we wanted to
sponsor these creators anyway so we
don't see that as a huge deal even
though we obviously could have sold a
bit more stuff if it was in
stock um I think we moved through
about oh I don't want to give this to
you guys wrong so I'm going to say I
think we moved through about 20,000
screwdrivers Kuro sets tuna in full
playe chat said normal open rate is
about 10% and clickthrough is
1% yeah also belrick said 18% is me and
that's just not true actually stupid and
what are you doing L this sorry sorry
what's your click and open uh oh for
Black Friday Cyber Monday open was 58
and click was 18 yeah yeah so that's
insane more than half of a marketing
email sent out was opened that's nuts to
me personally that is completely oblit
itating like industry industry standard
numbers
um yeah mystery screwdriver was a huge
success so we moved through um some
inventory of screwdriver colorways that
were not selling particularly well what
was really surprising to me about the
event was the the aftermath I was
expecting a huge hangover on LTT store
sales not so much it did no it like just
didn't happen oh like we as soon as the
sale ended sales were as good or better
than before the event started which I
and then they've been kind of like
creeping kind of like up since then it's
just I guess like wild just people in
the shopping mood I mean one thing that
time of year one thing that was funky
was that Black Friday was um really late
this year it was like almost as late as
it can be so I think there's just been a
lot of pent up like shopping that people
just weren't doing cuz they were kind of
waiting on Black Friday to to go um so
anyway there's a little bit of inside
baseball you guys Raiden 428 in full
plane chat said 58% is borderline sus
congrats and honestly that's where I
keep getting stuck onto it I don't
really do you opening marketing like how
did we get over half of people to
opening a mark open a marketing email
because it's really good they're good
deals what do you want from me people
were buying backpacks that came with a
keyboard in it that's pretty cool like
what do you want from me that's pretty
cool did it come in the back oh man no
it shipped separately that would have
been such a pain to do I have actually
goodness I have actually pitched like
maybe someday if we discontinued the
backpack and we only had like a handful
left doing like a a loot box sale where
you buy a backp no no you buy a backpack
wow and then the the staff at Creator
Warehouse like inventory just like put a
bunch of stuff in it as much stuff that
fits in it and just ship it wow and just
like you get whatever's in it I don't
know the logistics of doing something
like that are completely stupid but um
but okay here's here's funny here's an
additional part of my argument like I I
have a feeling a lot of people are just
like autof filtering newsletters even
like 58% open rate is crazy but we
specifically drove people to sign up for
this communication like that's part of
our communication philosophy is that we
are not sending people anything they
don't want so that's why the regular
newsletter I've stressed to the team
that it's supposed to be content and any
promotional materials need to live
alongside content it's opt-in only yeah
okay and then when it comes to our heavy
promo uh newsletters we used to have it
set up so that you were only signing up
for that event and that event only we
changed our teas sees so that now it's
our like heavy promo newsletter list but
that newsletter list is is still we
still treat it as sacred it's it's a
sacred cow you don't Slaughter it
because it's tens of thousands of people
with an open rate like that it's crazy
oh yeah you don't screw that up it's
crazy I think the reason why I'm
reacting the way that I am is because
especially I think more than ever this
holiday season when I bought Christmas
gifts stores just started spamming me
like there was one store that the day I
bought something I got four to five
emails from them yeah and oh people they
violate the crap out of can spam
incredibly not okay cuz like we have a
supposedly super strong anti-spam laws
here in Canada but apparently there's
just no enforcement like I was getting
text messages emails from companies I
haven't engaged with in ages Delta Force
paintball who I left that one star
review for sent me a bunch of stuff just
like you guys yeah
um but yeah no we are not into that and
that doesn't mean we'll never do like a
card abandon an email here and there or
whatever else but when it comes to like
our promotional newsletters if you get
an email from LTT store I want you to be
like
ooh something good could be in there
yeah we work hard we work hard for that
someone asked this is an interesting
question I don't know why I haven't Dove
down this rabbit hole before but um Ry
saww said how do you measure that an
email was opened so we're not doing the
measuring it would be some type of
Analytics tool I I'm assuming that what
they're doing is there's like a picture
in there and when the picture is served
to you they they know I don't know but
honestly I don't know yeah it's a whole
thing yeah I've never
pixel correct says zo yeah okay yeah
yeah
yeah yeah okay it's just a pixel not a
picture okay trackers let's go yeah all
right Dan makes sense it's just I never
thought about it hi lldd I started a new
job as tech support manager at a small
streaming service oh cool I just got
tasked with also managing inventory
shipping and receiving and I'm having
trouble finding balance any advice you
have two jobs at least two um
dramatically different ones too yeah I
think I think there needs to be an
honest conversation about getting you
more resources because you can't really
find balance when you have two jobs I
mean based on that they're a small
streaming service it sounds like they're
probably a small company but
um yeah I think you should basically
tell them well look here's the situation
I have two jobs do I have two times the
salary and obviously you can't present
it in exactly way but there needs to be
sort of a plan can we put together a
road map where either my workload
stabilizes to something resembling one
you know
role or is there going to be some kind
of compensation adjustment as I do I
have any do I have approval to higher
resources to help to balance this like
what what is our plan to get things to
some semblance of normal or will I
literally be given double the
compensation to work twice as many hours
because these are these are the only
three p path that are going to get us to
or the quality of both is just going to
suffer and like I think I think
mentioning that bit being like basically
inevitably this is going to happen of
these other I'm doing my best I care
about my job I'm working hard but I am I
am frustrated yeah I am frustrated by
the fact that I don't have the time to
do things to the level of quality that I
believe got me this promotion in the
first place yeah and and I think that'll
be a disappointment to both of us you
know frame it as that help me help you
yeah good advice
lonus thanks wow there's a change you've
done this for a while yeah it's almost
like I've had conversations with people
who are wearing too many hats
recently Nick from the lab yeah that's
crazy how many titles do you have
Luke three I
think hi
LTT do you guys know if the LTT water
bottle has any type of synthetic coating
or lining on the bottle interior the
gloss around the mouth of the bottle
seems almost
unnatural not that I'm aware of it's a
gloss around the what is it just
polished oh yeah that's just polished
metal bro yeah just looks nice yeah yeah
all good if it's stamped that might be
from the
tool oh it's like injection molding the
uh surface finish uh next up is for Luke
I'm a business owner starting a custom
software project and hired a full-time
recent graduate Dev how do I ensure he's
making progress on the projects and not
playing Starfield all
day well if you shouldn't have hired him
if he plays Starfield at all
so
um uh do do check-ins ask to see
progress there's a difference between
something in prod and something in like
a local environment get him to show you
what's in his local environment what
he's touching at the time that doesn't
mean it's going to be actually
necessarily close to ready again I just
said there's difference between what's
in the local environment and what's in
prod do not go down the route of trying
to count lines of code or things like
that but there's also no reason for
someone to have no commits in a week um
like there's there's different things
that you can kind of look at there are
you you could have a developer on your
staff that works in the negatives in
regards to lines of code who is
potentially your most valuable person uh
lines of code is a bad metric
um and you hired a new grad so
expect them to need learning time um ask
them be be communicative about what
they're doing and if honestly if what
they're doing is learning that might be
legit um but talk to them about what
they're learning like engage with them
about what they're doing um care and pay
attention and it should be
fine if you could develop one LTT
version of a core computer component CPU
motherboard storage Etc what would you
pick and why
motherboard yeah cuz it's like the most
sort of visible one it would look cool
I'd make a cool looking one I feel like
you could also actually potentially have
some impact there that is cool yeah like
more PCI slots I don't think we're going
to make a better GPU how about any PCI
slots oh please
please hello linas I have been extremely
excited about LT USBC cables can you
talk about anything that makes them
stand out and what went into their
development man we sourced cables from
so many different manufacturers um we
debated endlessly the validity of our
product as uh as one that needs to exist
I have pushed extremely hard for the
creation of our cables they don't make
any sense in the like current landscape
because they're going to be expensive
because um every every individual
conductor has its own shielding like
they're a co-axial style cable rather
than a twisted Paar style cable uh which
adds bulk which is not desirable yeah
that's going to be really thick is it
adds weight which is not desirable and
it adds stiffness which is not desirable
however we're able to counter some of
the stiffness by using like that really
nice hobbyist grade like silicone OU
sing um and what we get for going with a
coaxial style cable is we get really
great signal integrity and really great
power delivery it'll still be cheaper
than audio file cables and it will still
cheaper than audio file cables and
that's kind of that's kind of our whole
thing is like we price things at what
they cost to buy a premium product but
not what people obviously are paying for
snake oil luxury products but yeah it
costs more than some like and you might
not want that that's why cheap cheap jfg
kxy Tech cable on Amazon right so that's
that's what we're making we are making
really nice inspec cables with good
signal integrity and good power ratings
um and that's that's it that's all there
is to it we're not going to make any
kind of claims that aren't true about
them we're just going to tell you
exactly what speed and what wattage they
run at right on the connector that's it
I'm very
excited hi W.D are there any
technologies that you thought would fail
but we actually successful here's mine I
thought dual slot gpus were janky and
would be rejected by the market but boy
was I
wrong
um I thought that AO coolers were kind
of a gimmick but the thing that I
underestimated was the aesthetic
component of people posting showcase
builds and especially I underestimated
the importance of them in shipping
systems yeah shipping an octu nhd15 and
a completely built system is not a good
idea period um and so you have to go all
the way back to
um the acitech
lclc the lowcost liquid cooling like it
was originally developed as just like a
cheapo like solution to to get something
cooled um cheaply with water like it was
not a premium product at all so this is
the original OEM acitech version that
pretty much everyone in their dog uh
licenses because it's patented I think
acitech and then kulit owned patents on
it or something like that so unless you
unless you license from one of them or
you found a work around that's pretty
much what you're stuck with and what's
funny about it to me is that when the
ace attack lclc look at
this when the lclc launched um it was
not particularly well received cuz it
really like didn't perform that good so
here's the LC DC compared to just like a
basic like cooler um like what's that
Silverstone n6 it's not silverstone's
not even
like uh this is not a particularly
well-regarded cooler from a not
particularly well-regarded cooler brand
okay this is the pro but whatever it's
just like a basic not even Tower cool
like downdraft style cooler um so the
lclc is nothing special um like really
at all and then it wasn't until Corsair
well are they cooling a GPU uh I don't
know I think they're cooling a GPU so it
doesn't matter that particular review
they might have been but the point is
that it didn't perform particularly well
and it wasn't until the corser H50 came
out that all of a sudden people got
enthusiastic about it and I couldn't I
still to this day have not really been
able to figure out why people went from
being so tepid about it to being
impressed by it when all that was
changed was
that one of them was branded acch lclc
and one of them was branded Corsair and
you can actually see like the comparison
is only against the stock cooler and
even then um like it's obvious that if
you just had like a decent cooler in
here this would not look very
impressive um I really think it was just
nobody heard about it until it was
Corsair branded and then when it was
Corsair branded they're like I can have
water cooling and they didn't look at
the graphs and they just about it yeah I
I mean I guess but that that was
basically how AI coolers started was as
a complete nothing burger that no one
kind of cared about other than that you
could get your GPU temps down which was
kind of nice and then it turned into
their high performance coolers and they
have never at any point really
outperformed high-end air coolers
meaningfully for most people there there
are cases where like a triple AIO is
going to perform all but the gigantic
bulkiest of of air coolers but uh not
much for me it was this isn't really it
is a technology but it's in a specific
use case I guess the massive price jump
that came with like addressable RGB fans
I thought the community was going to be
like I don't care Oh but there're
because of the price I guess is why they
cared they really did they cared hard
like 120 bucks for three fans like when
I saw that I was like
and then everybody bought
it
okay guess I am
wrong sounds good lonus how do you
manage your kids game time at home I
find that the 30 minute rule doesn't
work but I still want them to have fun
um they earn game time for
extracurricular activities so if they do
I think it's an hour of extracurriculars
they get 45 minutes of game time or
something like that and then if they are
buttheads or whatever then they lose
game time they're like grounded from
from game time so pretty much like that
de lus Dan and oh yeah go for it do you
know if you blanket ground them from
game time for a certain period of time
do you notice a reduction in the
activities that are in them game time um
no not really that's cool yeah they're
they're pretty good kids actually my
kids are mostly not but heads cool sorry
keep going no uh dear lus Dan and M
leier external drives will list a USB
speed and a drive speed for example we
could have 10 GBS per second and 3500
megabytes per second how do we know
which one is actually the drive
speed uh the one that is 5 gbit per
second or 10 gbit per second is the USB
speed and the other one is the drive
speed that's a really good question
never even like occurred to me that if
you have no context for these numbers
you'd have no way of knowing which is
which um I never really thought about it
before but yeah it's also I can see how
okay those particular numbers are
obviously conflicting because 3500
megabytes a second would be like 3 and a
half or like 4 gigabit or 40 gigabit or
something like that like it's not like
those numbers are not would not be on
the same package but that's a PCI Gen 4
nvme drive right something like that
pretty much
yeah um what can a newbie data engineer
do to better help the team this past
year my name has been sent to different
teams on the project to beat of help
only to be ignored or rejected for
inexperience jump
in look through the code base try to see
if there's things you can help with
attend the meetings um be ready to
accept that if you like kind of suck and
aren't ready to contribute that you need
to find more experience ask people what
you should do to pursue that experience
if they're not giving you things listen
in the meetings to the things that
people don't want to do and then try to
grab those um such key career
advice like be the indispensable person
who does the stuff that no one else
wants to do but but don't be stuck there
forever yeah it's just uh you you're
you're working on becoming liked on a
team like people want you to be on the
team and then you know you can try to
ditch the the garbage jobs eventually um
a common one is if you have if your team
has some amount of code coverage
basically no one likes doing code
coverage so if you volunteer to do some
of the code coverage and then you don't
do a horrible job of it most people in
my experience would like that if if they
do have a requirement of doing code
coverage not not everyone does for for
for tests to be
clear
more the first comment I see in response
that is code coverage sucks exactly so
volunteer to do that do their
documentation yeah like this is yeah if
you make one of their lives like way
better due to you being on the team
they're probably going to want you there
more uh and then you know eventually you
work up to being a peer instead of just
doing their dirty work it's also a cheat
code to understand what they're doing
yeah yeah hello hello D from Scotland
making a tricky question to answer but
when doing collaboration videos like the
one with electr boom how do you
typically split the video Revenue love
the show oh that's a good question um so
I read this in advance so I already have
this ready there we've done a few
collabs with Electro boom medy is
amazing the first one we did was can
static kill your PC and in this case we
uploaded our video which was edited by
our editors and shot by our camera
operators and scripted by our writers
and uh we kept 100% of the revenue from
that and medy uploaded this video which
was his separate video kind of featuring
um me as a as a talent in the video as
well but with his own writing his own
editing and he kept 100% the revenue
from that so it is a tricky thing
because it's kind of unspoken like
nobody really wants to be the one that's
like hey who gets the money when you
work together on a collab I think by and
large the YouTube Creator Community is
think it beneficial for both sides is
pretty um is pretty
uh common common good minded you know
pretty magnanimous about the way that
they approach collabing collabing is an
inherently
winwin thing or at least it's supposed
to be there have been cases that have
not been yeah I'm sure yeah what I was
going to say was I'm sure there's
exceptions to the rule but honestly in
all the experience I've had seeing this
both externally and
internally yeah no I don't think
anyone's even asked ever but I mean one
of the things that I go out of my way to
ask is like hey uh you know what do you
need out of this um yeah absolutely do
you need me to be available to help you
with a video like lwig for example he
just like came up here he wanted
absolutely nothing in return I'm like
okay and you know but but when he called
me up for to do bro versus bro I'm like
yeah I'm bro I'm there you know so one
so yeah so so there's kind of this
there's kind of an
unspoken hey did this transaction make
sense for everybody okay it's tied a
neat little bow uh nobody really owes
anybody else's solid but there's also an
unspoken hey that really benefited one
of us more than the other does does
either of us kind of owe the other a
solid
um so the the wireless ESD straps medy
just was like thrilled with the first
collab and loved it and was like yeah I
want to come do another one um and so I
kind of owed him a solid so when we were
trying to do an upgrade for somebody and
we were thinking of a creator that we'd
love to do an upgrade for 10 months ago
we were like oh why don't we do a tech
makeover for medy pretty local too which
helps yeah so that was the way those
ones worked we kept 100% of the money
from these but medy got a sick Tech
upgrade and very helpfully came and uh
and some speed holes in his walls some
of his fun gadgets for us to play with
um and that's I think that's all the
videos that we've collabed on yeah so
Med super cool and is I think a perfect
example of how without asking for
anything he gives freely of his time and
expertise and I would like to think we
try to take a similar approach and
everyone was happy as far as I know I
mean we're still on speaking terms so
yeah met him and his family down at open
sace super cool yeah so so cool awesome
people yeah yeah just like actual good
people that you should feel good about
supporting
yep hey lonus I like that you have a CPU
tower in one room and runs of cable to
three other rooms what is the current
best cabling to run for this purpose
previously have run HDMI and USP 2.0 or
3.0 for
this
um I've been okay happy with my display
port but I sometimes wish that I had run
HDMI just because I find it can be a
little less flaky about picking up a
signal when the system's already running
HDMI that is other than that man USB is
tough um as long as you only need to do
USB 2 over ethernet is fine but if you
want to go really long distances over
Optical you have to use these like
expensive uh media conversion kits and
stuff and it gets kind of it gets it
gets kind of
tricky
um how long did they say they were going
again to three other rooms no that's
what you do to three other rooms
previously have run HD M so what are
your your run linkes uh mine are in the
neighborhood of around 50 to 60 ft I
think oh no I'm sorry I misinterpreted
this I like you have my CPU tower in one
room and runs of cable to three other
rooms got it uh yeah best cabling is oh
man see the cost is tough for
USB CU you either have to do individual
fiber I I would say I would say I mean
infinite cables has a lot of really good
products for this um I would I would
definitely endorse their products in
general and then I would probably go
fiber optic USB to a dock um and then I
would probably go I'd probably go HDMI
right now but we're on the verge of gpus
that support newer display port
standards like the new uhb standards I
don't know how many uhb cables exist yet
though so that's something you'd
probably have to look into for yourself
but I'm I've been very happy with uh
infinite
cables Jake Jake would be proud I
promoted infinite cables shout out
infinite cables yeah do you think anyone
will create SSD technology that will be
as good as 3D XO
no I mean someday somay maybe but it
looks like we're on nand flash for the
time being I I miss optain actually I
don't miss optain I have optane in my uh
in my machine at home I treated myself
to an optane I was like I'm going to
have an OP
and now I
do I don't even have a current gen uh
like 40 series GPU I went AMD cuz you
know that was out of spite I had to go
AMD yeah it was you didn't go optane out
of spite no I didn't I love
optane they're so
expensive they're a lot cheaper
now oh man hey DL what are your opinions
on all the different types of screen
protectors plastic glass and liquid my
family keeps asking me about liquid
screen protectors and I don't know what
to tell them well tell them glass hold
on we we did a thing it actually works
surprisingly well it did but still I
have no idea if this brand or product
even like exists anymore probably not um
here it is 12 years ago let's go what a
thumbnail I know right real world test
dragging phones behind my
motorbike lius Tech tips in the title I
know
right freaking
wild so here you go liquid armor
invisible whatever here's some dummy
phones and uh this is me filming yeah
notice how I don't Zoom yeah yeah yeah
he just walks look at him walk that's a
Luke foot put that on your weird foot
fetish website yeah I had those stupid
white shoes for so long and then he had
to run cuzz I was like you know on a
motor
vehicle um yeah and then we inspected
them and we found that they were like oh
why did we do a
Blackberry they were just dummy Foams oh
okay that makes sense yeah just like the
key this filming quality is this the
best it can do oh no here we go okay
look at those shoes oh those are
motorcycle boots what do you want from
me but yeah we found that like you could
actually the the film was still on there
Focus On The Ground Luke was still on
there yeah yeah yeah Luke doesn't that's
a I don't think I ever touched the focus
no it just was what it was yeah it was
what it was it was raw it's raw this is
a different time okay it was a different
time the camera that I learned
on uh was it that you couldn't change
the zoom no you couldn't change the
Focus right yeah yeah I don't think it
had manual focus yeah yeah and there's a
scratch on the lens anyway
incredible you've come so far no no I
mean the the company has come so far
okay I was like I I never got better at
filming you work in it
now this is what we were using at that
point stereo microphone let's go yeah I
think our was white or something though
wasn't it nope oh not even a little what
what was that cam some sx1
is one I oh the the good optain deals on
New Egg seem to have dried up I was just
checking there was a while there where
you could get like some pretty sick opan
deals on Just Like Old optane drives but
uh it does not appear to be a thing
right now do you know how many do you
know how many of those cameras you could
buy with the three that we're doing on
wancho right now a
lot4 well let's like use them for a
change then there you go yeah we should
do we should do like Matrix bullet time
just buy like an incredible amount of
those cameras and just put them all I
bet I want to get PTZ in here so that we
can have like one camera and then it can
move and zoom between you guys PTZ Point
tilt Zoom oh or pan tilt Zoom P tilt
what we talking about hey there's deals
on eBay though 350 bucks for one and a
half terab Data Center Drive dang let's
go oh I just wanted one from my swap
Drive oh well just get these little guys
these little guys are
cheap they're
cheap but yeah I treated treated myself
a little while ago to an optane nice
yeah I deserve it
yeah okay what I think about the si2
that was silver before that uh we never
had one of those we had some camera that
was white we had some uh like Sony
handicam silver thing for maybe that's
what thinking yeah yeah okay yeah yeah
hey w. Dill question for all three of
you what has been your favorite tech or
related product that has had a big
influence in your daily lives this year
daily
oh my Snapdragon laptop it's not perfect
it has problems occasionally but um the
battery life is a GameChanger for me
there I'm going to go with that daily
life it has to be Tech not software Tech
favorite tech or related product I would
say software is related to
Tech Luke really likes the new lid for
our water
bottles mhm no he
doesn't he whed about them I like a lot
of other things the reviews are really
good though people like them that's good
they're easy to clean that is good
they're sanitary that is good Luke's
just not a guy who cares about
sanitation no I just already cleaned my
water no I get it I get it you're just a
dirty boy a dirty Chicken
Boy I need to start I need to start
eating something else I can't I can't uh
I got to escape this whole chicken thing
um you could move to poultry you'll
never Christmas bird Christmas bird
I I don't think there's any particular
piece of tech that had like an
outstanding impact on my life this year
to be honest all right then the laptop I
have for work is super normal nothing
else really
changed my computer got a lot cooler
yeah he's a Bulbasaur computer does it
like work now yeah it worked the whole
time well no you had issues with it at
first oh yeah whatever I fixed those
okay so it works now yeah yeah and it's
still cool like all the stuff still in
it and everything generally you know
some of the Moss decided to leave um it
was real moss so like yeah no there's
still real moss in there that is still
green oh yeah Moss is crazy yeah um and
there there's some there's some stickers
that I had to trim and every once in a
while one of the stickers will decide
toh join the fans and then I have to
trim it as well yep that makes sense I
mean we did sticker bomb your fans so
yeah I'm probably going to have to do
that again this weekend cuz it is
ticking again and it's doing the type of
ticking that I know it's not actually
bad it's it's just a sticker in the fan
so I just got to go in there and Sh and
then it's fine how about the nine Pro uh
don't I have an eight Pro that shows you
how much uh he thinks about it and I how
life-changing it was don't like it that
much yeah all right
cool as someone who is the techie of the
family how do you recommend to handle
overwhelming requests to fix various
items and electronics say no
politely sometimes also I need the
opposite I parents like won't tell me
when there's a problem with their
computers and I'm like you've been
dealing with this for so long and you
didn't say anything like oh that's
actually funny or when they'll or worse
when they'll buy something without
asking if it's any good and they'll just
buy absolute garbage want to bother you
yeah no bother me you're bothering me
now this bothered me so much
more another one is like you want to
like upgrade someone's computer but they
won't like sort their files so you can
get them a new drive it's like come on
help me help you
please oh man I have I'm supposed to
Emma's supposed to be on Geodude now
computer name it's old amethyst computer
oh she won't just like move her
files to be fair in her defense commutes
for 2 hours a day and is studying and is
working full-time she has no time like
literally at all
but you have a cool computer
yeah priorities man I know
oh man howdy dll I recently bought my
first dbrand skin this week due to the
quality of your products consistently
promoting their brand how did your
relationship with dbrand get
started um I wanted a custom skin for an
xeria Z2 or something like that uh D
Brand's head robot actually tells the
story better than me cuz he remembers it
a little better than I do um but
basically apparently
they they like moved Heaven and Earth to
get one of those phones for me
because um let me see if I can find the
original email
chain brand uh cuz like they H we're
basically like just kind of a a like a
like a like a starting out
brand
um oh this is hilarious I had I just
found a I just found a vacation
responder to debrand can't reply to your
email having a baby regarding debrand
custom Linus Tech tips Experia Z2
giveaway so why did I why why did they
why did they reach out here's a to-do
list I sent to myself here's a to-do
list from me to what Nick that's just
like stuff to do switch to Z2 employee
evaluation form man this is wild this is
crazy Patriot project what even is that
review Luke sample guide I don't
know Roomba script did I ever review a
Roomba Channel super fun what is the
last word there Gilly yeah g oh yeah I
forgot about that spilly wrong this is
great um sorry sorry old emails are
hilarious I love doing that every once
in a
while uh okay oh okay here's the
Outreach oh this is so funny dude you've
never you've never heard dbrand this
polite hey guys hope this message finds
you well this is
[Laughter]
old we're reaching out to see if you'd
be interested in doing a giveaway of a
custom Linus Tech tips branded Xperia Z2
you can check out the different material
Types on our new website here we've
found that the Xperia Z2 is a prime
candidate for our skins the glass
surfaces are prone to scratching but
they're also ideal canvases for textured
skins they apply easily and can be
infinitely removed and reused oh really
that must have been an old feature if
you're game just let us know your
delivery address and we'll get working
on the custom skinned device talk to you
soon signed a
robot uh I said that sounds appealing do
you mind if I work the giveaway and dun
messaging into a review of the Experia
Z2 it would be similar to how I did this
one and I linked our HDC you're also way
too formal this is so old is this 2013
uh
2014 high Linus that would definitely
work for us would the device be skinned
throughout the entire review video we'd
obviously only ask that it is if we only
ask that it is if you genuinely like the
way the skin feels and the purpose it
achieves adorable 2D brand from Linus
the device would be skinned throughout
Linus perfect can you send over a vector
file with your logo so we can get
started also do you have any preference
in materials and oh this is is great so
you you were starting to lose some
attention span near the end there uh
yeah k k those big single letter K
energy I I hand it off to Ed
um yeah wow this is uh yeah this is
crazy so yeah apparent he's I've heard
I've heard the story told such that they
like moved Heaven and Earth to make this
happen because they were believed very
strongly in like influencer marketing
very very early on like that's
did really well they were way ahead um
and like I guess they reached out before
they even like had one of these Experia
Z2 phones I don't know why they reached
out about the phone maybe I mentioned it
on Twitter or something I don't remember
oh but yeah no it started out very
cordial and now it's devolved into what
it is now so um so them sending you
phones with skins on them to do like
reviews on is has been there from the
entire start yeah
yeah since
2014 and they've been really good at
like their um at like their product
imagery and stuff like even way back
then there's an xeria Z2 with you know
their cool uh kind of leather looking
one and they used to have like a brushed
metal one because that was cool back
then but it isn't now all right what
else we got few more here hey D long
time listener first time live what is
your favorite or most interesting
computer build that you've done or been
involved with including any you've had
to disassemble to put back
together man I don't know we kind of did
a video talking about a lot of these
recently yeah maybe check that out yeah
I think that's probably the best way to
answer this question is to just link you
to a video
yeah or best builds or
something yeah I think I can find
it reacting to our best PC builds ever
this one right here yeah it's good
video Ro L hair it's good
time I lld
trying to get a deal on an RTX 490 and
try to eBay there's many new cards for
under $800 from China I know it's likely
to be a scam but how would the scam work
since eBay has buyer protection that's a
really good question and one I've
actually been trying to figure out for a
long time cuz I've run into the same
thing with like entry level cards as
well we've covered those scam gpus a
number of times and I get it when you're
buying from somewhere that doesn't have
buyer protection um and the way that
those those like cheap scam cards work
is they are functional gpus they're just
like old say do are they just hoping
that you don't know um but with
something like an RTX 490 so the idea is
that those those scam ones they like
work well enough to work for a bit and
then you know give them time to get your
money and like run away and disappear
whereas with something like a like an
RTX
49d I don't really yeah I don't really
understand
um how that would work yeah see here's
one here so apparent a supposedly new
4090 I don't know maybe I should just
maybe I should buy one why don't we find
out how the scam works there's a video
yeah all right sure I'll buy this scam
490 right now I'll I'm going to send
this to procurement and uh draw my
credit card which we're not mean so that
means he'll buy it on Monday please buy
this okay and then yeah let's let's see
what happens
all
right cool people are saying no core no
vram but like buyer protection so like
should I get should should I get my
money back probably right oh hey uh Pia
VPN it was down there oh there it had
our vanity Banner was yeah the banner
was there oh you just wanted to like say
it yeah I mean they're they're our bpn
sponsor what do you want okay
Daniel yeah yeah nice they paid for this
show too went after dark there it is oh
nice
sick Pia are they Bros like dbrand no
they're Bros in a completely different
way yeah they really are though yeah
they are just like I don't know who are
you do whatever you want here's some
money I guess yeah it's kind of bizarre
like d Brand's very high
touch whereas Pia is just like he you
have a portal log in why are you talking
to me promote it like however you guys
think is good like I mean we're paying
you we're probably not going to watch it
so
yeah take notes every
company it's actually like it's kind of
wild yeah it's pretty cool well the new
W hoodie have the thumb section my wife
stole my old hoodie no I hope not yeah
okay oh it's gone this time sorry it was
very polarizing and we've decided to not
have it this time yeah interesting yeah
evening jents ordered the Precision
screwdriver and the AI told me that the
bits from my LTT screwdriver would work
not the case can you guys fix that cuz I
trusted that
LOL H you trusted what the AI apparently
our AI on the store what or email must
be email because we have email AI
responses uh yeah they are different
shank size um sorry about
that uh I I'm I'm assuming that we'll
take care of that
uh yeah contact support yeah tell them
you want a human that is an option in
the emails
yeah hey LTT random business question I
recently took a position supervising 17
people and it's tough to do efficiently
how many direct reports are you
generally comfortable with managers
having 6
to8
Luke yeah is that per company
or hey
uh yeah in that regard I'm doing okay
yeah but you have sub managers so
technically you only have like one or
two no no that's not correct some
company let's just carry
on that's not even true in one
Department he does well I still think
you should write a book on management uh
my best friend owns a recycling company
and has offered me free parts to make my
hex OS server what do I even want to
consider when I get servers at cost per
pound I would say Energy Efficiency
so rather than NE because obviously this
is older stuff right so you're not going
to be looking at like a you know 12 core
processor or whatever so if you're if
you're going to have something that's
basically just going to be a storage
server then I would say get something
with fewer cores that uses less energy
um get the newest thing you can um I
would look for something with pcie slots
so that you can put HB in so you can add
more drives in the future um what else
would you consider I mean if reliability
is is really important to you maybe find
an actual server that has a redundant
power supply just could be loud in fact
Jake and I filmed a video this week oh
man we built the coolest server we took
one of our old 45 Drive store inators
and we converted the front to
nvme left 30 hard drives in the back and
then upgraded the back so that we could
fill it with uh like pcie to the front
Bay things and then hbas and then we put
a GPU above it just for compute that you
can't even like access the rear IO of
and like we put no to a fans in and we
put a custom front pan oh dude it's so
cool anyway the point is uh what was I
talking about recycle computer stuff
power efficiency oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah one of the things that we did was I
don't have a redundant power supply
anymore we just put in a high quality
single power supply because the ver
power supply was so flipping loud that's
probably okay I would I would stress
test the things that you're getting out
of the recycling area smart smart burn
in Yeah couple more oh oh hold on uh a a
robot from debrand feel like this from
watching the show uh can be infinitely
removed and reused for what it's worth
this statement genuinely did apply
specifically to the Experia Z2 due to
the glass back surface of course low
surface energy bond between the adhesive
and the non-porous glass surface okay
thank you very much for the
clarification didn't care didn't really
ask but uh
you keep doing stickers you absolute mad
robots proud of what they do you know
yeah too long didn't read I'm sorry to
hear that or good for you
whatever my God hey D any more tall
versions of the apparel coming soon for
Luke
danine sorry what are there more tall
versions of the apparel coming soon I in
the last merch meeting I advocated for
or something that's upcoming that is not
getting a tall version but I tried look
it sure sure you did but minimum order
quanties are hard and it's they have to
grade an entire another set of sizes how
many of the how much total sales went
through the tall blanks I don't know no
no okay I
wonder we we got our foot in the door
Dan we got our foot in the door yep the
new blanks I heard not immediately maybe
but eventually maybe those are coming
they're going to be talls which might
mean that we might have more colors than
just the black T-shirt yeah my
understanding was that if the talls did
okay then they would exp we're going to
get more baby steps we're get more I saw
someone ask about the the like Wan
shedar sweater in tall size and I was
like no that's like that's not oh that's
actually the one yeah that's the one I
was talking to them about they said no I
assume not that would be brutal that's a
pretty complicated gar isn't it pretty
rough yeah like I I I appreciate that
that we're we're getting there and we're
actually taking the baby steps now I
understand it's weird I understand it's
a little bit Niche it's nice to have
some stuff that does actually like fit
me though I know we're working on um so
it is it is cool I do appreciate it I Al
there's also the the cargo pants we
getting in 32 length if I remember
correctly yeah that's exciting too yep
what's a waste well different waist have
very y oh okay so we're doing a whole
another size and grade of the cargo
pants okay which by the
way oh
cool I don't know what you're talking
about that actually looks really sharp I
don't know what you're talking about wow
I I really like that color actually I
don't know what you're talking
about wow that looks genuinely very good
it's like a purpley blue this is a very
early sample no no promises it looks
great though I get all kinds of stuff
that just like never sees the light of
day so like I don't know yeah I watched
uh the the flow plane exclusive with
Tatiana talking about like the socks and
stuff
she was going over how you would send
her different pictures and stuff I was
like yeah this all this all just sounds
like
lus this is all completely
believable I've sent her some horrible
pictures oh she yeah she she said as
much yeah did she okay I didn't watch
that it was it was honestly a really
good video yeah I have sent her some
awful awful pictures that nobody should
ever have to see I look I I was like I'm
all about consent yo so like I was like
hey hey I did not send you pictures of
what this did to my feet um because
nobody needs to see that and she's like
yo I for product development purposes I
actually do need these pictures I'm like
oh no all right brother I don't know I
feel like she said not that in the video
what I okay hold on W I take exception I
take exception to this I take exception
since I watched it but I I thought she
was like you know I don't need to see I
don't need to see your blisters what's
going on with Miss devage here hold on a
second flagging for super soft flagging
for hold on careful what you're hold on
a second care what you're saying socks
hold on don't think out loud I I would
not send people a horrible picture
unless there was a reason here we go uh
hold on oh here I found the
thread one session two hours and I have
a
picture of
like what happened to the socks they are
immediately like scuffed this was a this
was a sample that I rejected you can see
how they fuzzed after 2 hours of playing
badminton I have uglier pictures on my
phone of the red spots and blisters
caused by the slipperiness of the
insides they slip like dress socks they
need to be less slidy can show you if
you really want to see but in a nutshell
it hurts LOL she says this is Tatiana
thank you for letting me know although
kind of disappointing from the vendor
that the issue is not really improved
I'm going to schedule a call with the
vendor to better communicate her
requirements and that this cannot
persist if for to continue sampling with
them very professional emails uh she was
I think pretty new uh at that point
Highline us after relaying the above
info to the vendor they have some
follow-up questions to better tackle
this issue one your shoe size and your
routine movements during your 2hour
session two they want photos of the
whole sock or just feel free to bring
them tomorrow during me merch meeting
and I can take the photos to send out
three also I want to know the position
of the blisters and red spots on your
foot to make adjustments to the design
thank you for your help with this I said
size eight attached footage of this
Thursday session I put in my backpack
photos of feet attached not for faint of
heart I do not have nice feet LOL she
says thank you for the warning lol and
the video I'll grab the socks from you
tomorrow and send all these points out
to the vendor she asked for it she asked
for the position she did I'm but I'm
what I'm going to get coordinates I'm
going to put latitude and longitude on
my feet 30
South I think sending the picture at
that point is reasonable but I am just
saying she didn't technically for
picture I'll let you guys be the judge
it's hard yeah you can't do everything
anyway Tatiana is great she's doing a
great job and we do have a strong
candidate we do have a strong candidate
for maybe an LTT sock at some point yeah
heck yeah yep last one I've got for you
tonight hey there D getting the
Precision driver in bitset I'm really
looking forward to using them at work
what product that you created has the
has
impacted uh your work the most
what product that you created has
impacted your work that we
created
screwdriver yeah like I use it like
every day float plane is that fair is
that a product I don't know I mean it is
kind of oh I mean I love my I love my
Northern Lights desk pad I've just like
never thought about desk pads again
after having the Northern Lights desk
pad too like the the thickness is
perfect the woven edges is like looks
good
uh wait did we actually do a newsletter
for the first time in a while how did we
miss
this February and then
November
um oh this is
cool uh yeah I'm going to say
screwdriver
yeah
screwdriver dude screwdriver has been
crazy screwdriver has like changed our
company like uh I think we're I think
Nick was saying we are like well over a
quarter million screwdrivers sold now
which is like what that's pretty nuts
yeah it's like genuinely pretty nuts
like we're like a screwdriver company
with like a media production team
attached to it like it's crazy we aren't
the media company is still the uh the
bigger one but it's big dog yeah it's
wild it's wild it's also hilarious to
see people still talking about how it's
a $10 you know Ali Express you know
rebadge or whatever like um on DIY
parks's video he's promoting the
screwdriver as part of the sponsorship
and like some of the replies are just
like I don't know how anyone could be
gullible enough to buy that it's like I
don't know how you could be gullible
enough to read everything you read on
the
internet because you're you someone lied
to you and you just have been uninformed
for two years yeah enjoy that
yeah
um yeah are there like I so I'm trying
to think like go watch reviews and then
I think like is there any actually
negative reviews I don't think so I
don't think so it's a good product what
do you want so like yeah but some people
are just like mad they're just like mad
about that they don't like that yeah
they just really want it to be bad
yeah
okay manifesting does not actually work
and again it might be expensive oh yeah
sure yep it is expensive for a
screwdriver yep
yep
cool see you again next week same bad
time same bad Channel
bye look at it go look at it go
[Music]
NS you have to